Moving around; astir.
Heaven.
Improper treatment or usage; application to a wrong or bad purpose; an unjust, corrupt or wrongful practice or custom.
A sour substance.
An English unit of land area (symbol: a. or ac.) originally denoting a day's plowing for a yoke of oxen, now standardized as 4,840 square yards or 4,046.86 square meters.
A person who performs, plays a part in a theatrical play or film.
A person who has the acute form of a disorder, such as schizophrenia.
To join or unite (e.g. one thing to another, or as several particulars) so as to increase the number, augment the quantity or enlarge the magnitude, or so as to form into one aggregate.
Administration, or administrative work.
To allow to enter; to grant entrance (to), whether into a place, into the mind, or into consideration
An unburnt brick dried in the sun.
To take by choice into relationship (a child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.)
A fully grown human or animal.
Later; second (of two); next, following, subsequent
Another time; once more.
One who exerts power, or has the power to act
To cause to grow old; to impart the characteristics of age to.
To harmonize in opinion, statement, or action; to be in unison or concord; to be or become united or consistent; to concur.
In or to the front; in advance; onward.
To point or direct a missile, or a weapon which propels as missile, towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it
A summons to arms, as on the approach of an enemy.
A book specially designed to keep photographs, stamps, or autographs.
An alarm.
Another name; an assumed name.
Any life form of extraterrestrial or extradimensional origin.
To form a line; to fall into line.
Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.
Having life; living; not dead
To grant, give, admit, accord, afford, or yield; to let one have.
A metal that is a combination of two or more elements, at least one of which is a metal.
By oneself, solitary.
In company; together.
The name of the first letter of the Greek alphabet (Α,  α), followed by beta. In the Latin alphabet it is the predecessor to A.
To change the form or structure of.
Ambergris, the waxy product of the sperm whale.
(usually in the plural) An act of righting a wrong; compensation.
The amine functional group.
Denotes a mingling or intermixing with distinct or separable objects. (See Usage Note at amidst.)
An incorporeal and sometimes divine messenger from a deity, or other divine entity, often depicted in art as a youthful winged figure in flowing robes.
A strong feeling of displeasure, hostility or antagonism towards someone or something, usually combined with an urge to harm.
A figure formed by two rays which start from a common point (a plane angle) or by three planes that intersect (a solid angle).
Displaying or feeling anger.
An artistic style originating in, and associated with, Japanese animation, and that has also been adopted by a comparatively low number of animated works from other countries.
An addition, an extension.
(Used after a noun or in the predicate) Exceptional, distinct.
A common, round fruit produced by the tree Malus domestica, cultivated in temperate climates.
To lay or place; to put (one thing to another)
A measure of the extent of a surface; it is measured in square units.
An enclosed area, often outdoor, for the presentation of sporting events (sports arena) or other spectacular events; earthen area, often oval, specifically for rodeos (North America) or circular area for bullfights (especially Hispanic America).
To show grounds for concluding (that); to indicate, imply.
To come up from a lower to a higher position.
To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms.
A protective layer over a body, vehicle, or other object intended to deflect or diffuse damaging forces.
Clothing and ornamentation.
A projectile consisting of a shaft, a point and a tail with stabilizing fins that is shot from a bow.
Person or thing without a shadow
An incidental remark made quietly so as to be heard by the person to whom it is said and not by any others in the vicinity.
To request (information, or an answer to a question).
Something or someone of any value; any portion of one's property or effects so considered.
A bound collection of maps often including tables, illustrations or other text.
A sound, or a sound signal
A judicial examination.
An automobile.
To try not to meet or communicate with (a person); to shun
A judgment, sentence, or final decision. Specifically: The decision of arbitrators in a case submitted.
Vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty.
Very bad.
A baby or infant; a very young human or animal.
Cured meat from the sides, belly or back of a pig.
A distinctive mark, token, sign, emblem or cognizance, worn on one's clothing, as an insignia of some rank, or of the membership of an organization.
Ill, unwell.
A person who bakes and sells bread, cakes and similar items.
A solid or hollow sphere, or roughly spherical mass.
A strip of material used for strengthening or coupling.
An institution where one can place and borrow money and take care of financial affairs.
A field divided transversely into several equal parts, and consisting of two different tinctures interchangeably disposed.
To give as its foundation or starting point; to lay the foundation of.
Something from which other things extend; a foundation.
A necessary commodity, a staple requirement.
A wide bowl for washing, sometimes affixed to a wall
A physical base or foundation.
The quantity of bread or other baked goods baked at one time.
A tub or pool which is used for bathing: bathtub.
The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
Prayer, later especially with a rosary.
A reusable software component written in Java.
A large omnivorous mammal, related to the dog and raccoon, having shaggy hair, a very small tail, and flat feet; a member of family Ursidae.
Any animal other than a human; usually only applied to land vertebrates, especially large or dangerous four-footed ones.
A stroke; a blow.
To start, to initiate or take the first step into something.
Beginning; start.
To start, to initiate or take the first step into something.
A living creature.
An attractive woman.
The abdomen, especially a fat one.
In a lower place.
A band worn around the waist to hold clothing to one's body (usually pants), hold weapons (such as a gun or sword), or serve as a decorative piece of clothing.
A long seat with or without a back, found for example in parks and schools.
A small succulent fruit, of any one of many varieties.
An exemplar of the Bible.
A vehicle that has two wheels, one behind the other, a steering handle, and a saddle seat or seats and is usually propelled by the action of a rider’s feet upon pedals.
Any of various bladed or pointed hand weapons, originally designating an Anglo-Saxon sword, and later a weapon of infantry, especially in the 14th and 15th centuries, commonly consisting of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, with a short pike at the back and another at the top, attached to the end of a long staff.
A billy club.
A game of chance for two or more players, who mark off numbers on a grid as they are announced by the caller; the game is won by the first person to call out "bingo!" or "house!" after crossing off all numbers on the grid or in one line of the grid.
A member of the class of animals Aves in the phylum Chordata, characterized by being warm-blooded, having feathers and wings usually capable of flight, and laying eggs.
The process of childbearing; the beginning of life.
(dog-breeding) A female dog or other canine, particularly a recent mother.
The colour/color perceived in the absence of light, but also when no light is reflected, but rather absorbed.
The sharp cutting edge of a knife, chisel, or other tool, a razor blade/sword.
Censure.
A small French coin, originally of silver, afterwards of copper, worth 5 deniers; also a silver coin of Henry V current in the parts of France then held by the English, worth about 8 pence .
A violent gust of wind.
A mixture of two or more things.
To make something holy by religious rite, sanctify.
A covering for a window to keep out light. The covering may be made of cloth or of narrow slats that can block light or allow it to pass.
The act of very quickly closing both eyes and opening them again.
A substantial, often approximately cuboid, piece of any substance.
A website that allows users to reflect, share opinions, and discuss various topics in the form of an online journal, sometimes letting readers comment on their posts. Most blogs are written in a slightly informal tone (personal journals, news, businesses, etc.)
A pale yellowish (golden brown) color, especially said of hair color.
A member of the Los Angeles gang The Bloods.
A blossom; the flower of a plant; an expanded bud.
The colour of the clear sky or the deep sea, between green and violet in the visible spectrum, and one of the primary additive colours for transmitted light; the colour obtained by subtracting red and green from white light using magenta and cyan filters; or any colour resembling this.
A relatively long, wide and thin piece of any material, usually wood or similar, often for use in construction or furniture-making.
A craft used for transportation of goods, fishing, racing, recreational cruising, or military use on or in the water, propelled by oars or outboard motor or inboard motor or by wind.
A police officer.
Evidence of a long-term debt, by which the bond issuer (the borrower) is obliged to pay interest when due, and repay the principal at maturity, as specified on the face of the bond certificate. The rights of the holder are specified in the bond indenture, which contains the legal terms and conditions under which the bond was issued. Bonds are available in two forms: registered bonds, and bearer bonds.
A composite material consisting largely of calcium phosphate and collagen and making up the skeleton of most vertebrates.
Something extra that is good; an added benefit.
Idiot, fool.
A collection of sheets of paper bound together to hinge at one edge, containing printed or written material, pictures, etc.
A push from behind, as to one who is endeavoring to climb.
A small stall for the display and sale of goods.
A heavy shoe that covers part of the leg.
A form of prize which, when a ship was captured at sea, could be distributed at once.
To inspire boredom in somebody.
To tie; to confine by any ligature.
To place inside a box; to pack in one or more boxes.
Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
The control center of the central nervous system of an animal located in the skull which is responsible for perception, cognition, attention, memory, emotion, and action.
A fern; bracken.
A conflagration; a flame.
A metallic alloy of copper and zinc used in many industrial and plumbing applications.
A Native American warrior.
A foodstuff made by baking dough made from cereals.
An instance of breaking something into two or more pieces.
All animals or plants of the same species or subspecies.
A hardened rectangular block of mud, clay etc., used for building.
A woman in the context of her own wedding; one who is going to marry or has just been married.
A writ summoning one to answer to any action.
(ditransitive) To transport toward somebody/somewhere.
A shallow lake, one of a number of bodies of water in eastern Norfolk and Suffolk.
To separate into two or more pieces, to fracture or crack, by a process that cannot easily be reversed for reassembly.
To use; enjoy; have the full employment of.
A colour like that of chocolate or coffee.
An implement consisting of multiple more or less flexible bristles or other filaments attached to a handle, used for any of various purposes including cleaning, painting, and arranging hair.
A male deer, antelope, sheep, goat, rabbit, hare, and sometimes the male of other animals such as the hamster, ferret and shad.
A friend or casual acquaintance.
The physique of a human body; constitution or structure of a human body.
To form (something) by combining materials or parts.
A group of similar things, either growing together, or in a cluster or clump, usually fastened together.
A rabbit, especially a juvenile.
(sometimes affectionate) A fool, prat, twit.
A physical injury caused by heat, cold, electricity, radiation or caustic chemicals.
An act or instance of bursting.
A motor vehicle for transporting large numbers of people along roads.
Having large breasts.
The larger or thicker end of something; the blunt end, in distinction from the sharp or narrow end
A person who makes one or more purchases.
A short sequence of bits (binary digits) that can be operated on as a unit by a computer; the smallest usable machine word.
A small dwelling characteristic of the frontier, especially when built from logs with simple tools and not constructed by professional builders, but by those who meant to live in it.
(material) A long object used to make a physical connection.
A store of things that may be required in the future, which can be retrieved rapidly, protected or hidden in some way.
A rich, sweet dessert food, typically made of flour, sugar and eggs and baked in an oven, and often covered in icing.
The political leader of the Muslim world, successor of Muhammad's political authority, not religious or spiritual.
A telephone conversation.
A beast of burden, much used in desert areas, of the genus Camelus.
An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other temporary structures.
An artificial waterway or artificially improved river used for travel, shipping, or irrigation.
Edible, sweet-tasting confectionery containing sugar, or sometimes artificial sweeteners, and often flavored with fruit, chocolate, nuts, herbs and spices, or artificial flavors.
A generally accepted principle; a rule.
A playing card.
Freight carried by a ship, aircraft, or motor vehicle.
A small closet or enclosure built against a window on the inner side, to sit in for study.
A manner of transporting or lifting something; the grip or position in which something is carried.
An actual event, situation, or fact.
The act of seizing or capturing.
(often with of, typically of adverse results) The source of, or reason for, an event or action; that which produces or effects a result.
A coniferous tree of the genus Cedrus in the family Pinaceae.
A single-room dwelling for a hermit.
(money) A subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the main unit of currency in many countries. Symbol: ¢.
A series of interconnected rings or links usually made of metal.
An item of furniture used to sit on or in, comprising a seat, legs, back, and sometimes arm rests, for use by one person. Compare stool, couch, sofa, settee, loveseat and bench.
The unordered state of matter in classical accounts of cosmogony.
An object, act or words believed to have magic power (usually carries a positive connotation).
A map.
The act of one who chases another; a pursuit.
Trade; traffic; chaffer; chaffering.
To violate rules in order to gain advantage from a situation.
A situation in which the king is directly threatened by an opposing piece.
A board game for two players with each beginning with sixteen chess pieces moving according to fixed rules across a chessboard with the objective to checkmate the opposing king.
A box, now usually a large strong box with a secure convex lid.
A hunt or pursuit; a chase.
A young bird.
A leader or head of a group of people, organisation, etc.
A person who has not yet reached adulthood, whether natural (puberty), cultural (initiation), or legal (majority)
The pungent, spicy fresh or dried fruit of any of several cultivated varieties of capsicum peppers, used in cooking.
The plant Smilax china, a liana of much of eastern Asia.
A small piece broken from a larger piece of solid material.
Singing group; group of people who sing together; company of people who are trained to sing together.
To pick; to make the choice of; to select.
Meat from the shoulder of a cow or other animal.
Any North American freshwater fish of certain species of the genus Coregonus that live in cold-water lakes.
To quote; to repeat, as a passage from a book, or the words of another.
Of, relating to, or belonging to a city, a citizen, or citizenship; municipal or civil.
Having to do with people and government office as opposed to the military or religion.
A demand of ownership made for something.
A group, collection, category or set sharing characteristics or attributes.
Removal of dirt.
Full extent; distance between extreme limits; especially; the distance between the nearest surfaces of two bodies, or the space between walls.
One who occupationally works with records, accounts, letters, etc.; an office worker.
A brief, sharp, not particularly loud, relatively high-pitched sound produced by the impact of something small and hard against something hard, such as by the operation of a switch, a lock or a latch, or a finger pressed against the thumb and then released to strike the hand.
A vertical (or nearly vertical) rock face.
An act of climbing.
Something which clips or grasps; a device for attaching one object to another.
An instrument used to measure or keep track of time; a non-portable timepiece.
A living organism (originally a plant) produced asexually from a single ancestor, to which it is genetically identical.
An end or conclusion.
A woven fabric such as used in dressing, decorating, cleaning or other practical use.
A rock; boulder; a hill.
An association of members joining together for some common purpose, especially sports or recreation.
A wheeled vehicle, generally drawn by horse power.
The edge of the land where it meets an ocean, sea, gulf, bay, or large lake.
A male bird, especially:
A short symbol, often with little relation to the item it represents.
A Jewish priest: direct male descendant of the Biblical high priest Aaron, brother of Moses.
(money) A piece of currency, usually metallic and in the shape of a disc, but sometimes polygonal, or with a hole in the middle.
The punctuation mark ":".
The spectral composition of visible light
A small musical group.
To move from further away to nearer to.
A comedian.
Joint sovereignty over a territory by two or more countries.
A variable whose value cannot be changed directly.
A hard substance made of the limestone skeletons of marine polyps.
A battlefield formation composed of two or more divisions.
A rib.
To incur a charge of; to require payment of a (specified) price.
(auxiliary verb, defective) To know how to; to be able to.
The act of counting or tallying a quantity.
An enclosed space; a courtyard; an uncovered area shut in by the walls of a building, or by different buildings; also, a space opening from a street and nearly surrounded by houses; a blind alley.
A lid.
A thin and usually jagged space opened in a previously solid material.
Strength; power; might; force .
A game of gambling, or chance, where the players throw dice to make scores and avoid crap.
A sudden, intense, loud sound, as made for example by cymbals.
An insane or eccentric person; a crackpot.
The butterfat/milkfat part of milk which rises to the top; this part when separated from the remainder.
A small inlet or bay, often saltwater, narrower and extending farther into the land than a cove; a recess in the shore of the sea, or of a river; the inner part of a port that is used as a dock for small boats.
The summit of a hill or mountain ridge.
A specific act committed in violation of the law.
A plant, especially a cereal, grown to be harvested as food, livestock fodder or fuel or for any other economic purpose.
A geometrical figure consisting of two straight lines or bars intersecting each other such that at least one of them is bisected by the other.
A group of people congregated or collected into a close body without order.
A royal, imperial or princely headdress; a diadem.
Any substance in its natural state.
A cubic curve.
A gentle bend, such as in a road.
Everything having to do with the Internet considered collectively.
An interval of space or time in which one set of events or phenomena is completed.
(usually childish) Father.
Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.
(also dairy products or dairy produce) Products produced from milk.
A wild flowering plant Bellis perennis of the Asteraceae family, with a yellow head and white petals
A sequence of rhythmic steps or movements usually performed to music, for pleasure or as a form of social interaction.
To note the time or place of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution.
The fruit of the date palm, Phoenix dactylifera, somewhat in the shape of an olive, containing a soft, sweet pulp and enclosing a hard kernel.
A division, a portion, a share.
To distribute among a number of recipients, to give out as one’s portion or share.
The cessation of life and all associated processes; the end of an organism's existence as an entity independent from its environment and its return to an inert, nonliving state.
The action, or a session, of reviewing source code to find and eliminate errors.
A performer's first performance to the public, in sport, the arts or some other area.
The style of decoration of a room or building.
A period of time before an event occurs; the act of delaying; procrastination; lingering inactivity.
The fourth letter of the modern Greek alphabet Δ, δ.
A thicket.
A storage facility, in particular, a warehouse.
The vertical distance below a surface; the degree to which something is deep
Any of several annual horse races.
An evil creature.
(Eastern Australia) A type of processed meat sausage.
A daily log of experiences, especially those of the writer.
A male person.
Any program which compares two files or sets of files and outputs a description of the differences between them.
A stage of proficiency or qualification in a course of study, now especially an award bestowed by a university or, in some countries, a college, as a certification of academic achievement. (In the United States, can include secondary schools.)
An artificial phallus (penis) for sexual use.
To make (something) dirty.
A genre of dance music that was popular in the 1970s, characterized by elements of soul music with a strong Latin-American beat and often accompanied by pulsating lights.
A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.
A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.
An act of dodging.
(auxiliary) A syntactic marker.
A toy in the form of a human.
A lady, especially a noblewoman; the title given to a lady in Italy.
One who makes a donation.
A portal of entry into a building, room, or vehicle, consisting of a rigid plane movable on a hinge. Doors are frequently made of wood or metal. May have a handle to help open and close, a latch to hold the door closed and a lock that ensures the door cannot be opened without the key.
Disbelief or uncertainty (about something); a particular instance of such disbelief or uncertainty.
A set of twelve.
A current of air, usually coming into a room or vehicle.
A conduit allowing liquid to flow out of an otherwise contained volume; a plughole (UK)
A composition, normally in prose, telling a story and intended to be represented by actors impersonating the characters and speaking the dialogue
To move or develop something.
The result of a contest that neither side has won; a tie.
Imaginary events seen in the mind while sleeping.
An item of clothing (usually worn by a woman or young girl) which both covers the upper part of the body and includes skirts below the waist.
Without water or moisture, said of something that has previously been wet or moist; resulting from the process of drying.
A tool used to remove material so as to create a hole, typically by plunging a rotating cutting bit into a stationary workpiece.
To consume (a liquid) through the mouth.
Motivation to do or achieve something; ability coupled with ambition.
A small quantity of liquid, just large enough to hold its own round shape via surface tension, especially one that falls from a source of liquid.
A number of cattle driven to market or new pastures.
A substance used to treat an illness, relieve a symptom, or modify a chemical process in the body for a specific purpose.
A percussive musical instrument spanned with a thin covering on at least one end for striking, forming an acoustic chamber, affecting what materials are used to make it; a membranophone.
To consume (a liquid) through the mouth.
One who, or that which, dries; a desiccative.
Wife
To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.
Any of several large carnivorous and carrion-eating birds in the family Accipitridae, having a powerful hooked bill and keen vision.
A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place early in the day.
The third planet of the Solar System; the world upon which humans live.
A hard, dense, deep black wood from various subtropical and tropical trees, especially of the genus Diospyros.
(authorship) Electronic book, a book published in electronic form.
The boundary line of a surface.
The digit/figure 8.
An older person or an older member, usually a leader, of some community.
One chosen or set apart.
A special group or social class of people which have a superior intellectual, social or economic status as, the elite of society.
A system for transferring messages from one computer to another, usually through a network.
(usually plural) A container, especially a bottle, whose contents have been used up, leaving it empty.
To come to an end
Someone who is hostile to, feels hatred towards, opposes the interests of, or intends injury to someone else.
To receive pleasure or satisfaction from something
The "Enter" key on a computer keyboard.
The act of entering.
A person or thing of equal status to others.
The state, quality, or condition of being wrong.
(authorship) A written composition of moderate length, exploring a particular issue or subject.
Person living or originating from Europe
An occurrence; something that happens.
To demand and enforce the payment or performance of, sometimes in a forcible or imperious way.
The act of examining.
To surpass someone or something; to be better or do better than someone or something.
(stative) to be; have existence; have being or reality
Something additional, such as an item above and beyond the ordinary school curriculum, or added to the usual charge on a bill.
(of a person or animal) To position oneself or itself so as to have one's face closest to (something).
The front part of the head of a human or other animal, featuring the eyes, nose and mouth, and the surrounding area.
Something actual as opposed to invented.
Poor quality; substandard workmanship.
The realm of faerie; enchantment, illusion.
A trust or confidence in the intentions or abilities of a person, object, or ideal from prior empirical evidence.
The act of moving to a lower position under the effect of gravity.
One of two options on a true-or-false test.
The imagination.
A going; journey; travel; voyage; course; passage.
A place where agricultural and similar activities take place, especially the growing of crops or the raising of livestock.
A fatality; an event that leads to death.
Containing, composed of, or consisting of fat.
A defect; something that detracts from perfection.
A kind or helpful deed; an instance of voluntarily assisting (someone).
A strong, uncontrollable, unpleasant emotion or feeling caused by actual or perceived danger or threat.
Food given to (especially herbivorous) animals.
Of or relating to the emotions.
A thin artificial barrier that separates two pieces of land or a house perimeter.
A ship used to transport people, smaller vehicles and goods from one port to another, usually on a regular schedule.
A higher than normal body temperature of a person (or, generally, a mammal), usually caused by disease.
A single elongated piece of a given material, roughly round in cross-section, often twisted with other fibers to form thread.
A single piece of a given material, elongated and roughly round in cross-section, often twisted with other fibres to form thread.
A land area free of woodland, cities, and towns; open country.
The person or thing in the fifth position.
A banknote or coin with a denomination of 50.
To contend in physical conflict, either singly or in war, battle etc.
To commit (official papers) to some office.
A collection of papers collated and archived together.
A thin layer of some substance; a pellicle; a membranous covering, causing opacity.
A final examination; a test or examination given at the end of a term or class; the test that concludes a class.
Anything that is found (usually valuable), as objects on an archeological site or a person with talent.
To set (something, often a building) on fire.
A (usually self-sustaining) chemical reaction involving the bonding of oxygen with carbon or other fuel, with the production of heat and the presence of flame or smouldering.
A business partnership; the name under which it trades.
The person or thing in the first position.
To pierce; now generally replaced by transfix.
A repair or corrective action.
A piece of cloth, often decorated with an emblem, used as a visual signal or symbol.
The visible part of fire; a stream of burning vapour or gas, emitting light and heat.
A device that produces a short flash of light to help illuminate a scene, mostly for night-time or indoors photography.
A group of vessels or vehicles.
The soft tissue of the body, especially muscle and fat.
A buoyant device used to support something in water or another liquid.
A (usually disastrous) overflow of water from a lake or other body of water due to excessive rainfall or other input of water.
The interior bottom or surface of a house or building; the supporting surface of a room.
Powder obtained by grinding or milling cereal grains, especially wheat, or other foodstuffs such as soybeans and potatoes, and used to bake bread, cakes, and pastry.
A movement in people or things with a particular way in large numbers or amounts
Any substance which can flow with relative ease, tends to assume the shape of its container, and obeys Bernoulli's principle; a liquid, gas or plasma.
A group of birds that have suddenly started up from undergrowth, trees etc.
That which flies, as a bird or insect.
Belonging to, concerning, or located at a focus
A point at which reflected or refracted rays of light converge.
A grouping of smaller peoples or tribes as a nation.
A receptacle in a church for holy water, especially one used in baptism.
Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life.
Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigour; might; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect.
Furnace or hearth where metals are heated prior to hammering them into shape.
(heading, physical) To do with shape.
Forward in time, place or degree.
A bottle of beer containing forty fluid ounces.
A place for discussion.
To encounter or discover by accident; to happen upon.
The structural elements of a building or other constructed object.
Free postage, a right exercised by governments (usually with definite article).
The crime of stealing or otherwise illegally obtaining money by use of deception tactics.
A rush of water, along a river or onto the land; a flood.
The foremost side of something or the end that faces the direction it normally moves.
A cover of minute ice crystals on objects that are exposed to the air. Frost is formed by the same process as dew, except that the temperature of the frosted object is below freezing.
(often in the plural) In general, a product of plant growth useful to man or animals.
In a full manner; without lack or defect.
A sum or source of money.
Offbeat, unconventional or eccentric.
A joke.
(often in the plural) A very small piece of plush material.
The act of gaining; acquisition.
A playful or competitive activity.
The third letter of the Greek alphabet (Γ, γ), preceded by beta (Β, β) and followed by delta, (Δ, δ).
A doorlike structure outside a house.
A measure; a standard of measure; an instrument to determine dimensions, distance, or capacity; a standard
A theoretical unit of heredity of living organisms; a gene may take several values and in principle predetermines a precise trait of an organism's form (phenotype), such as hair color.
A kind; a stylistic category or sort, especially of literature or other artworks.
The spirit; the soul of man.
A mythical human of very great size.
Something given to another voluntarily, without charge.
A female child, adolescent, or a young woman.
(ditransitive) To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
(ditransitive) To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.
To apply fibreglass to.
Any spherical (or nearly spherical) object.
Great or overwhelming beauty or splendour.
A brief reflection or maxim; a pithy saying.
A result that one is attempting to achieve.
To move:
The forces or behaviours that are the enemy of evil. Usually consists of helping others and general benevolence.
Charming, pleasing qualities.
A rating.
The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley.
A photograph or video shared on this service.
(plural "grand") A thousand of some unit of currency, such as dollars or pounds. (Compare G.)
The act of granting; a bestowing or conferring; concession; allowance; permission.
(applied mathematics) A data chart (graphical representation of data) intended to illustrate the relationship between a set (or sets) of numbers (quantities, measurements or indicative numbers) and a reference set, whose elements are indexed to those of the former set(s) and may or may not be numbers.
Any plant of the family Poaceae, characterized by leaves that arise from nodes in the stem and leaf bases that wrap around the stem, especially those grown as ground cover rather than for grain.
An excavation in the earth as a place of burial
A person of major significance, accomplishment or acclaim.
An inhabitant, resident, or person of descent from Greece.
Having green as its color.
A grating; a grid of wire or a sheet of material with a pattern of holes or slots, usually used to protect something while allowing the passage of air and liquids. Typical uses: to allow air through a fan while preventing fingers or objects from passing; to allow people to talk to somebody, while preventing attack.
Twelve dozen = 144.
A number of things or persons being in some relation to one another.
A small forest.
To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
A person who, or thing that, protects or watches over something.
To reach a partly (or totally) unqualified conclusion.
A recipient of hospitality, specifically someone staying by invitation at the house of another.
Someone who guides, especially someone hired to show people around a place or an institution and offer information and explanation.
A group or association mainly of tradespeople made up of merchants, craftspeople, or artisans for mutual aid, particularly in the Middle Ages.
Of a person, having a lot of hair on the body.
The part of the forelimb below the forearm or wrist in a human, and the corresponding part in many other animals.
Easy to use, useful.
A happy event, thing, person, etc.
To plunder, pillage, assault.
A harbour or anchorage protected from the sea.
The part of the body of an animal or human which contains the brain, mouth and main sense organs.
(stative) To perceive sounds through the ear.
A muscular organ that pumps blood through the body, traditionally thought to be the seat of emotion.
A tract of level uncultivated land with sandy soil and scrubby vegetation; heathland.
A villain or bad guy; the one responsible for evil or aggressive acts.
"Hello!" or an equivalent greeting.
Action given to provide assistance; aid.
From here, from this place, away
In the International System of Units, the derived unit of electrical inductance; the inductance induced in a circuit by a rate of change of current of one ampere per second and a resulting electromotive force of one volt. Symbol: H
Any green, leafy plant, or parts thereof, used to flavour or season food.
A high point or position, literally or figuratively; an elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven.
An elevated location smaller than a mountain.
A clue.
To obtain the services of in return for fixed payment.
An activity that one enjoys doing in one's spare time.
A grasp or grip.
A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; an opening in or through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent; a fissure.
Any of various shrubs or (mostly) small trees, of the genus Ilex, either evergreen or deciduous, used as decoration especially at Christmas.
An informal term of address, like man or dude.
A viscous, sweet fluid produced from plant nectar by bees. Often used to sweeten tea or to spread on baked goods.
Recognition of importance or value; respect; veneration (of someone, usually for being morally upright or successful)
To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.
Hard or bony, like an animal's horn.
Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
One which receives or entertains a guest, socially, commercially, or officially.
A large town house or mansion; a grand private residence, especially in France.
A time period of sixty minutes; one twenty-fourth of a day.
A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.
A brief informal description of how to accomplish a specific task.
A human being, whether man, woman or child.
The quality of being amusing, comical, funny.
An image, symbol, picture, or other representation usually as an object of religious devotion.
A perfect standard of beauty, intellect etc., or a standard of excellence to aim at.
An abstract archetype of a given thing, compared to which real-life examples are seen as imperfect approximations; pure essence, as opposed to actual examples.
An optical or other representation of a real object; a graphic; a picture.
A container in which papers to be dealt with are put.
An alphabetical listing of items and their location.
An independent publisher.
An inner part.
The act or process of putting in; infusion.
Intelligence (secret information)
To bury in a grave.
An introduction.
The action or an instance of flowing or coming out, an outflow, particularly:
A distinct physical object.
The hard white form of dentin which forms the tusks of elephants, walruses and other animals.
A hard black enamel varnish containing asphalt.
Denim.
A device for spinning thread from fiber onto multiple spindles (also called spinning jenny).
A chamber pot.
A precious or semi-precious stone; gem, gemstone.
(especially New England and Philadelphia) Chocolate sprinkles used as a topping for ice cream, cookies, or cupcakes.
A prostitute's client.
An intersection of piping or wiring; an interconnect.
The point where two components of a structure join, but are still able to rotate.
An amusing story.
Heroin.
A public official whose duty it is to administer the law, especially by presiding over trials and rendering judgments; a justice.
A liquid from a plant, especially fruit.
The sum total of a person's actions, which determine the person's next incarnation in samsara, the cycle of death and rebirth.
The main tower of a castle or fortress, located within the castle walls.
The act of killing.
Kind of; somewhat
A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy. If it's an absolute monarchy, then he is the supreme ruler of his nation.
A kitten or young cat.
A utensil or a tool designed for cutting, consisting of a flat piece of hard material, usually steel or other metal (the blade), usually sharpened on one edge, attached to a handle. The blade may be pointed for piercing.
Sudden fatigue as a result of glycogen depletion from not having taken in enough nutrition.
To perceive the truth or factuality of; to be certain of or that.
Knowledge; the state of knowing.
A camera: a device for taking still photographs.
A small ticket or sign giving information about something to which it is attached or intended to be attached.
Effort expended on a particular task; toil, work.
To fill or load (related to cargo or a shipment).
A small stream of running water; a channel for water; a drain.
A device that generates heat, light or other radiation. Especially an electric light bulb.
A weapon of war, consisting of a long shaft or handle and a steel blade or head; a spear carried by horsemen.
The part of Earth which is not covered by oceans or other bodies of water.
(used in street names) A road, street, or similar thoroughfare.
An old musical note, equal to two longas, four breves, or eight semibreves.
A device that produces a monochromatic, coherent beam of light.
Near the end of a period of time.
A clear liquid believed to be a component of a humour or other bodily fluid (esp. plasma and lymph)
An expression of mirth particular to the human species; the sound heard in laughing; laughter.
A single thickness of some material covering a surface.
A heavy, pliable, inelastic metal element, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished; both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity. It is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic number 82, symbol Pb (from Latin plumbum).
The act of learning something
(chiefly dialectal) To gather.
Something of the smallest possible extent; an indivisible unit.
To have a consequence or remnant.
The legal department of a company.
A yellowish citrus fruit.
A unit of currency of Sierra Leone, divided into 100 cents.
A tool for finding whether a surface is level, or for creating a horizontal or vertical line of reference.
A cramp iron inserted into a cavity in order to lift heavy stones; used as a symbol of strength in Freemasonry.
Visible electromagnetic radiation. The human eye can typically detect radiation (light) in the wavelength range of about 400 to 750 nanometers. Nearby shorter and longer wavelength ranges, although not visible, are commonly called ultraviolet and infrared light.
To enjoy, be pleased by; favor; be in favor of.
(usually in the plural) Something that a person likes (prefers).
A restriction; a bound beyond which one may not go.
To place (objects) into a line (usually used with "up"); to form into a line; to align.
A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.
Some text or a graphic in an electronic document that can be activated to display another document or trigger an action.
Any unix-like operating system distro that uses the Linux kernel.
A big cat, Panthera leo, native to Africa, India and formerly much of Europe.
A strip of fabric, especially from the edge of a piece of cloth.
To be alive; to have life.
A large organ in the body that stores and metabolizes nutrients, destroys toxins and produces bile. It is responsible for thousands of biochemical reactions.
A burden; a weight to be carried.
An act or instance of lending, an act or instance of granting something for temporary use.
An entryway or reception area; vestibule; passageway; corridor.
A person who lives near a given place.
Something used for fastening, which can only be opened with a key or combination.
A building for recreational use such as a hunting lodge or a summer cabin.
A rocking or balanced stone.
A method of human thought that involves thinking in a linear, step-by-step manner about how a problem can be solved. Logic is the basis of many principles including the scientific method.
A combination of a user's identification and password used to enter a computer, program, network, etc.
A form of rhetoric in which the writer or speaker uses logic as the main argument.
One's appearance or attractiveness.
A length of thread, line or rope that is doubled over to make an opening.
The release of an arrow.
A kind of aquatic plant, genus Nelumbo in the family Nelumbonaceae.
Any gold or silver coin issued by the French kings from Louis XIII to Louis XVI and bearing their image on the obverse side, particularly the gold louis d'ors, originally a French form of the Spanish doubloon but varying in value between 10 and 24 livres.
(usually transitive, sometimes intransitive, stative) To have a strong affection for (someone or something).
One who loves and cares for another person in a romantic way; a sweetheart, love, soulmate, boyfriend, girlfriend or spouse.
Strong affection.
Situated close to, or even below, the ground or another normal reference plane; not high or lofty.
(of people) Favoured by luck; fortunate; having good success or good fortune
A light meal usually eaten around midday, notably when not as main meal of the day.
To rest in a horizontal position on a surface.
A lyric poem.
Very large in scope or scale.
The application of rituals or actions, especially those based on occult knowledge, to subdue or manipulate natural or supernatural beings and forces in order to have some benefit from them
A bag or wallet.
A military rank between captain and lieutenant colonel.
Someone who makes; a person or thing that makes or produces something.
Brand or kind; model.
One of the male (masculine) sex or gender.
A voodoo priestess (in Haiti)
A comic originating in Japan.
A landed estate.
A tree of the Acer genus, characterised by its usually palmate leaves and winged seeds.
A formal, rhythmic way of walking, used especially by soldiers, bands and in ceremonies.
A large, dark plain, which may have the appearance of a sea.
(heading) Boundary, land within a boundary.
A bricklayer, one whose occupation is to build with stone or brick
A competitive sporting event such as a boxing meet, a baseball game, or a cricket match.
A stimulant, such as amphetamine, that increases energy and decreases appetite.
Disturbance or disruption.
Related to the (or any) city.
The manner or the amount of using; use.
One who uses or makes use of something, a consumer/client or an express or implied licensee (free user) or a trespasser.
To utilize or employ.
The typical state of something, or something that is typical.
Well grounded or justifiable, pertinent.
The quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable.
A device that controls the flow of a gas or fluid through a pipe.
An arched masonry structure supporting and forming a ceiling, whether freestanding or forming part of a larger building.
(Latin America) An open tract of ground; a plain, especially one which is moist and fertile, such as those used for growing tobacco.
A theater, auditorium, arena, or other area designated for sporting or entertainment events.
A poetic form with regular meter and a fixed rhyme scheme.
Television, television show, movie.
(physical) Visual perception.
(plural "villas") A house, often larger and more expensive than average, in the countryside or on the coast, often used as a retreat.
The univalent radical CH2=CH−, derived from ethylene.
A video, image or text spread by "word of mouth" on the internet or by e-mail for humorous, political or marketing purposes.
A submicroscopic, non-cellular structure consisting of a core of DNA or RNA surrounded by a protein coat, that requires a living host cell to replicate, and often causes disease in the host organism.
A single act of visiting.
A distant view or prospect, especially one seen through some opening, avenue or passage.
Relating to, or characteristic of life.
A vocal sound; specifically, a purely vocal element of speech, unmodified except by resonance; a vowel or a diphthong; a tonic element; a tonic; distinguished from a subvocal, and a nonvocal
Sound uttered by the mouth, especially by human beings in speech or song; sound thus uttered considered as possessing some special quality or character
To cast a vote; to assert a formalized choice in an election
A formalized choice on matters of administration or other democratic activities
(often in plural) An amount of money paid to a worker for a specified quantity of work, usually calculated on an hourly basis and expressed in an amount of money per hour.
A four-wheeled cart for hauling loads.
A ridge or low barrier.
To move on the feet by alternately setting each foot (or pair or group of feet, in the case of animals with four or more feet) forward, with at least one foot on the ground at all times. Compare run.
A rampart of earth, stones etc. built up for defensive purposes.
A desire, wish, longing.
Excess of material, useless by-products or damaged, unsaleable products; garbage; rubbish.
A portable or wearable timepiece.
A substance (of molecular formula H₂O) found at room temperature and pressure as a clear liquid; it is present naturally as rain, and found in rivers, lakes and seas; its solid form is ice and its gaseous form is steam.
In the International System of Units, the derived unit of power; the power of a system in which one joule of energy is transferred per second. Symbol: W
To relinquish (a right etc.); to give up claim to; to forego.
Any period of seven consecutive days.
Fate; destiny; luck.
A hole sunk into the ground as a source of water, oil, natural gas or other fluids.
To swindle someone by not paying a debt, especially a gambling debt.
Any of several species of large sea mammals of the infraorder Cetacea.
Any of several cereal grains, of the genus Triticum, that yields flour as used in bakery.
A circular device capable of rotating on its axis, facilitating movement or transportation or performing labour in machines.
The place in which something happens.
(interrogative) What one or ones (of those mentioned or implied).
An uncertain duration of time, a period of time.
The color/colour of snow or milk; the colour of light containing equal amounts of all visible wavelengths.
Something complete, without any parts missing.
Any person (especially a woman) who has sexual intercourse or engages in other sexual activity for payment, especially as a means of livelihood.
(interrogative) That or those of whom or belonging to whom.
Having a large physical extent from side to side.
The state of being wide.
Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.
An alcoholic beverage made by fermenting the juice of grapes.
An appendage of an animal's (bird, bat, insect) body that enables it to fly; a similar fin at the side of a ray or similar fish
To fasten with wire, especially with reference to wine bottles, corks, or fencing.
Metal formed into a thin, even thread, now usually by being drawn through a hole in a steel die.
A person who practices witchcraft; a woman or man who practices witchcraft.
A married woman, especially in relation to her spouse.
An adult female human.
An adult female human.
The substance making up the central part of the trunk and branches of a tree. Used as a material for construction, to manufacture various items, etc. or as fuel.
The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
(heading) Employment.
(with "the") Human collective existence; existence in general.
A strong feeling of anxiety.
Unfavorable; negative; not good.
Unfavorable; negative; not good.
Value.
Something that would happen, or would be the case, under different circumstances; a potentiality.
An injury, such as a cut, stab, or tear, to a (usually external) part of the body.
The complex joint between forearm bones, carpus, and metacarpals where the hand is attached to the arm; the carpus in a narrow sense.
The act or style of writing.
Something that is immoral or not good.
To form letters, words or symbols on a surface in order to communicate.
A photocopy.
A slick and light ship for making pleasure trips or racing on water, having sails but often motor-powered. At times used as a residence offshore on a dock.
A rough, coarse, loud or uncouth person; yokel; lout.
A small, usually uncultivated area adjoining or (now especially) within the precincts of a house or other building.
A solar year, the time it takes the Earth to complete one revolution of the Sun (between 365.24 and 365.26 days depending on the point of reference).
An often humid, yellowish froth produced by fermenting malt worts, and used to brew beer, leaven bread, and also used in certain medicines.
To pay, give in payment; repay, recompense; reward; requite.
People who are young; young people, collectively; youth.
That which belongs to you (singular); the possessive second-person singular pronoun used without a following noun.
The quality or state of being young.
Each of the five regions of the earth's surface into which it was divided by climatic differences, namely the torrid zone (between the tropics), two temperate zones (between the tropics and the polar circles), and two frigid zones (within the polar circles).
