An adult female human.
To propel by pushing with poles, to push with a pole.
The “holy dot” traditionally worn on the forehead of married Hindu women.
A small dwelling characteristic of the frontier, especially when built from logs with simple tools and not constructed by professional builders, but by those who meant to live in it.
A white to grey volcanic tufa, formed of decomposed trachytic cinders, sometimes used as a cement.
A young, newly-weaned pig.
One who is left-handed.
A kind of millet, a variety of sorghum; Indian millet (Sorghum bicolor).
A throw in which the wrestler lifts his opponent from the ground, swings him to one side, knocks up his nearer thigh from the back with the knee, and throws him on his back.
A council, convention, tribunal or assembly; especially, the grand council of state in Spain.
A small carnivorous mammal of the Old World that resembles a weasel, Martes zibellina, from cold regions in Eurasia and the North Pacific islands, valued for its dark brown fur (Wikipedia).
The traditional dress of women in the Indian Subcontinent; an outer garment consisting of a single length of cotton or silk, most often with one end wrapped around the waist to form a skirt, the other draped over the shoulder or head.
Full of anger; wrathful.
Venous; pertaining to veins.
To fill or load (related to cargo or a shipment).
(fantasy literature, fairy tales) A playful sprite or elflike or fairy-like creature.
(in a person) The state of being calm; peacefulness; absence of worry, anger, fear or other strong negative emotion.
Massive, usually dull-colored and opaque, quartzite, hornstone, impure chalcedony, or other flint-like mineral.
A U-shaped piece of wood used as a collar for an ox, the upper parts fastened to its yoke
The name of a citizen of Ancient Rome, designating them as a member of a gens.
A banknote or coin with a denomination of 50.
A situation which poses an immediate risk and which requires urgent attention.
To push.
A dish in which ingredients are set into a gelatine, jelly-like substance made from a meat stock or consommé.
To emit light.
A narcotics addict, especially a heroin user.
On the aft side; in the stern.
A palm tree of the species Nypa fruticans.
A small antelope found in Central Africa (Kobus vardonii)
Marked by snow, characterized by snow.
(often used with the preposition "up") To lay or throw into a pile or heap; to heap up; to collect into a mass; to accumulate
To use; enjoy; have the full employment of.
A plant of the genus Geum, especially Geum urbanum, or herb bennet.
A young deer.
Someone possessing extraordinary intelligence or skill; especially somebody who has demonstrated this by a creative or original work in science, music, art etc.
Song thrush.
Trial, attempt.
Any of the four cultivated plants which belong to the family Erythroxylaceae, native to western South America.
Great anger.
A loss or tearing of paper from the back of a stamp, although not sufficient to create a complete hole.
A unit of fineness or concentration of gold equalling 1/24 part of gold in an alloy.
Tuna.
To pick; to make the choice of; to select.
A ghost; a supernatural being.
An aquatic blood-sucking annelid of class Hirudinea, especially Hirudo medicinalis.
A lyric poem.
Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.
A person, in a church, cinema etc., who escorts people to their seats.
Rent.
To copulate with (a woman).
A slope; an incline, inclination.
To give up; yield to another.
Muggy, stuffy, with bad ventilation
Being large in size, mass, or volume.
(money) A subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the main unit of currency in many countries. Symbol: ¢.
Any of the various small, long-tailed lizards of the subfamily Agaminae of family Agamidae, especially in genera Acanthocercus, Agama, Dendragama, Laudakia, Phrynocephalus, Trapelus and Xenagama.
A board game for two players with each beginning with sixteen chess pieces moving according to fixed rules across a chessboard with the objective to checkmate the opposing king.
A vacuum flask; a vessel which keeps its contents hotter or cooler than their environment without the need to modify the pressure, by interposing an evacuated region to provide thermal insulation between the contents and the environment.
The period between sunset and sunrise, when a location faces far away from the sun, thus when the sky is dark.
(usually of a male) To have sex with (someone).
A type of suit worn in China, consisting of a shirt with a high neckline bound down the middle with tassels, and trousers
A question, an inquiry (US), an enquiry (UK).
A secluded and narrow valley, especially one with a river running through it; a dale; a depression between hills.
A situation of serious and immediate danger.
The act of moving to a lower position under the effect of gravity.
A strong desire; an itch to do something.
To operate a taser or electroshock stun gun, by using it against a subject
A leaf, especially a thin leaf or plate.
Excitement of imagination such as that which animates a poet, artist, or musician, in composing or performing
A man, especially a warrior or hero.
A small handleless cup in which saké is served.
An extensive depression having a flat floor and steep walls but no outflowing surface stream and found in a region having karst topography (as in parts of Yugoslavia).
An offshoot of a larger religion; a group sharing particular (often unorthodox) political and/or religious beliefs.
A mythical human of very great size.
The evening meal (of dates) that breaks each day's fast during Ramadan.
(usually in the plural) Something that a person likes (prefers).
A long-bladed weapon with a hilt, and usually a pommel and cross-guard, which is designed to stab, slash, and/or hack.
To have the vomiting reflex triggered.
Excrement or clay used as a bonding material in construction.
Any of numerous species of small South American freshwater fish of the family Characidae, popular in home aquariums.
A sudden, vigorous pull (sometimes defined as mass times jerk, or rate of change of force).
A ghost or phantom.
Pertaining to or having ribs; ribbed.
To frighten or cause hesitation; to daunt, put off (usually used in the negative); to disconcert, to perturb.
A religious mendicant who owns no personal property.
An instance of plucking.
To uncover; to reveal.
One's appearance or attractiveness.
To cry, as a calf or sheep; to bleat.
A slope or bevel, especially of the sides of a door or window, by which the opening is made larger at one face of the wall than at the other, or larger at each of the faces than it is between them.
Having the characteristics of a wimp; feeble, indecisive, cowardly.
Furnace or hearth where metals are heated prior to hammering them into shape.
A statement that, when taken in context, may actually mean something different from, or the opposite of, what is written literally; the use of words expressing something other than their literal intention, often in a humorous context.
A feeling of discomfort or vexation caused by what one dislikes.
(acoustics) A unit of apparent loudness, equal in number to the intensity in decibels of a 1,000-hertz tone judged to be as loud as the sound being measured.
A wandering troop or gang; especially, a clan or tribe of a nomadic people (originally Tatars) migrating from place to place for the sake of pasturage, plunder, etc.; a predatory multitude.
A reaction in which an oxidation and a reduction occur simultaneously; a reaction in which electrons are transferred.
An increase in wages or salary; a rise (UK).
A poison carried by an animal, usually injected into an enemy or prey by biting or stinging.
An uncultivated ridge formed in the open field system, caused by the action of ploughing.
A small tent or shelter.
Sodium bicarbonate (usually baking soda).
An exception; a reservation; an excuse.
A soup or stew made with okra.
An ultimate atom, or simple, unextended point; something ultimate and indivisible.
Relating to tides
A gun.
An act of gaping; a yawn.
To appear; to look outwardly; to be perceived as.
A faqir, owning no personal property and usually living solely off alms.
A variety of curd cheese made from sheep’s or goat’s milk and originating from Greece.
An actor.
A supporter of Trotskyism.
The digit or figure 6.
The sound of a car horn, a trumpet, or breaking wind.
The act of waking, or state of being awake.
To obtain the services of in return for fixed payment.
A spoken test or examination, particularly in a language class.
The hair of the head.
An irrational number, especially one expressed using the √ symbol.
To learn.
Malted grain (sprouted grain) (usually barley), used in brewing and otherwise.
A female fox.
One which receives or entertains a guest, socially, commercially, or officially.
To move or develop something.
In a peculiar manner; strangely; unusually.
A thick semisolid
A root.
Sacral artery
A quantity of yarn, thread, or the like, put up together, after it is taken from the reel. A skein of cotton yarn is formed by eighty turns of the thread around a fifty-four inch reel.
Any sediment, dominated by silt, of eolian (wind-blown) origin
A brag; ostentatious positive appraisal of oneself.
The small piece of thick cartilage of the external ear that is immediately in front of the ear canal.
A French liqueur made at Poissy in north central France from brandy and flavoured with almonds and the pits of apricots since the early nineteenth century.
A frying pan or griddle.
A general uproar or commotion
A darling, a cutie.
One who carries out a theft.
One who wades.
To vomit.
To mark or number the pages of, as a book or manuscript.
The quality of being amusing, comical, funny.
A person of major significance, accomplishment or acclaim.
A number representing a comparison between two named things.
Expressing mild emotion, such as exasperation or frustration.
Of or relating to sound.
The act of gybing.
Copsychus malabaricus (white-rumped shama), a saxicoline songbird of India, glossy black with a white rump and brown underparts, and six other species in genus Copsychus.
To treat with calcium hydroxide or calcium oxide (lime).
A leathery-leaved North American shrub, Gaultheria shallon, with edible sepals and leaves.
The great artery which carries the blood from the heart to all parts of the body except the lungs; the main trunk of the arterial system.
The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
A Scandinavian version of vin chaud or mulled wine; a hot punch made of red wine, brandy and sherry flavoured with almonds, raisins and orange peel.
Finely chopped meat.
The male ruler of a duchy (female equivalent: duchess).
Laziness; slowness in the mindset; disinclination to action or labour.
A male animal, especially a stud horse (stallion), kept for breeding.
A line which crosses successive meridians at a constant angle
The obligatory prayer that Muslims are called to perform five times a day.
A kind of cloth prepared by the Polynesians from the inner bark of the paper mulberry.
A nobody: a person who is worthless in importance or character.
A person who breaks open safes; a burglar.
Girl.
A derisive cry or shout.
Of food: that has no meat or milk in any form as an ingredient.
Not asleep; conscious.
A large, open boat made of skins stretched over a wooden frame that is propelled by paddles; used by the Eskimos for transportation.
A stroke; a dull-sounding blow.
The riding backwards of the board, in the opposite stance.
To sew together the eyes of a young hawk.
A New Caledonian endemic bird species, Rhynochetos jubatus, the only surviving member of the family Rhynochetidae.
To encourage (especially a dog) to attack.
Snide remarks.
In the form of a dome.
A mass or lump of fat rolled up by the butcher.
The visible part of the ear that resides outside of the head, the auricle; outer ear excluding the ear canal.
(authorship) Electronic book, a book published in electronic form.
A maneuver which rotates an object end over end.
A cramp iron inserted into a cavity in order to lift heavy stones; used as a symbol of strength in Freemasonry.
A (living) body.
To exchange or give (something) in an exchange (for something else).
A shop that sells cooked or prepared food ready for serving.
Extremely dry, lacking humidity and water.
A place where apes are kept.
A mineral of pegmatite deposits, often used as a gemstone.
An earth pigment containing silica, aluminum and ferric oxide
In Ancient Greek city-states, a resident alien who did not have the rights of a citizen and who paid a tax for the right to live there.
A physical injury caused by heat, cold, electricity, radiation or caustic chemicals.
The colouring matter of the blood.
A difficulty that has to be resolved or dealt with.
Excessive; going beyond that what is natural or sufficient.
A steep cliff or bank.
The ability to bear or endure something; endurance, patience.
To determine the sex of an animal.
A monocotyledonous plant (Allium cepa), allied to garlic, used as vegetable and spice.
To move in a prissy or stereotypically gay way.
(usually with "for") Definite.
That which is taken from another; something captured; a thing seized by force, stratagem, or superior power.
The part of milk that coagulates when it sours or is treated with enzymes; used to make cottage cheese, dahi, etc.
A milkman or milkwoman
(chiefly in the passive voice) To intimidate; to daunt the spirits or courage of.
One who rages.
A battlefield formation composed of two or more divisions.
A sound, or a sound signal
Of hair, puffy, or having extra volume, not necessarily desired; having such hair; see bouffant.
To prepare (meat, fabric, etc.) by rolling or pounding in order to soften it.
The act of seizing or capturing.
The sound produced by the horn of a car, or any similar sound.
A potato.
A game, similar to bowls or pétanque, played on a long, narrow, dirt-covered court
The leader of an Arab village, family or small tribe.
A mournful or plaintive poem; a funeral song; a poem of lamentation.
A sound or action like liquid hitting a hard surface, or an object falling into a body of water.
A small medieval bag used to carry food, money, utensils etc.
The unit of currency of Zaire.
Very minor damage, a small dent or chip.
Fast, rapid, speedy.
Chewing gum.
An act of jolting.
To welcome in a friendly manner, either in person or through another means e.g. writing or over the phone/internet
(of an object taller than its width and depth) An inclination away from the vertical.
A person of low status.
To tread heavily, especially to crush underfoot.
A ravine or gorge, usually one with water running through.
One who rows.
A type of short, diagonally cut pasta.
The fully shaded inner region of a shadow cast by an opaque object.
Made out of palm leaves or palm sap.
Any of several species of fish of the genus Thunnus in the family Scombridae.
A lever operated by one's foot that is used to control or power a machine or mechanism, such as a bicycle or piano
Having the form of a cup.
A wilderness region, away from cities.
(originally college slang) A boring, studious, or socially inept person.
A person who is or tries to be excessively proper, especially one who is easily offended by matters of a sexual nature.
To change the form or structure of.
Lenient and allowing for deviation; not strict.
An artistic style originating in, and associated with, Japanese animation, and that has also been adopted by a comparatively low number of animated works from other countries.
An alcoholic, often sparkling (carbonated) beverage made from fermented apples; hard cider; apple cider
A spring of fresh water, surrounded by a fertile region of vegetation, in a desert.
A sleeveless dress, often similar to an apron, generally worn over other clothes.
An ultraroyalist in France.
A deep glen or ravine.
A stupid or incompetent person.
(Also in plural: spoils) Plunder taken from an enemy or victim.
An orangutan.
Any member of the kingdom Fungi; a eukaryotic organism typically having chitin cell walls but no chlorophyll or plastids. Fungi may be unicellular or multicellular.
In the International System of Units, the base unit of mass; conceived of as the mass of one litre of water, but now defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the Planck constant h to be 6.626 070 15 × 10-34 when expressed in units of kg⋅m2⋅s−1. Symbol: kg
The innermost membrane of the fetal membranes of reptiles, birds, and mammals; the sac in which the embryo is suspended.
To make glad
(usually in the phrase "lust after") To look at or watch with a strong desire, especially of a sexual nature.
The trilled sound made by an insect.
A woman, a wife; a young woman or girl.
A porridge made from boiled buckwheat groats, or sometimes from other cereal groats.
A closed container for liquids or gases.
To remove from a box.
A brown clay, somewhat darker than ochre, which contains iron and manganese oxides.
A burning of the surface; a slight burn.
A kind of heat-resistant glass.
A devotee or adherent of yoga.
The hook that develops in the lower jaw of an adult male salmon when it is ready to spawn.
The name of the Latin-script letter S.
A variety of Agave angustifolia var. angustifolia (syn. Agave rigida), furnishing a strong coarse fiber.
A small, blocky, military-style vehicle with four-wheel drive, suited to rough terrain.
The unmowed part of a golf course.
A distinctive odour or smell.
Any of several woody, climbing or trailing evergreen plants of the genus Hedera.
A deep, prolonged audible inhale and exhale of breath; as when fatigued, frustrated, grieved, or relieved; the act of sighing.
A member of a race of giants who usually stand in opposition to the Æsir and especially to Thor.
A hill, a mountain (especially in the Middle East or North Africa).
(auxiliary) A syntactic marker.
Lucky
(usually in combination) Goods or a type of goods offered for sale or use.
(Cape Colony) A small inherited house-and-garden lot in a village or settlement.
A piece or lock of curling hair; a ringlet.
The act of swaying; a swaying motion; a swing or sweep of a weapon.
An organic body or cell having locomotion, as a spermatic cell or spermatozoid.
A small French coin, equivalent to a quarter of a sou.
To reach a partly (or totally) unqualified conclusion.
A grey plaid once worn by shepherds in Scotland and Northumbria.
A Muslim scholar and interpreter of shari’a law, who can deliver a fatwa.
To hem and haw
The total number of goals, points, runs, etc. earned by a participant in a game.
The woodhen, a flightless bird of New Zealand.
To use a nuclear weapon on a target.
Having nerve; bold; brazen.
Attractiveness or charm in dress, appearance, or manner.
A person who makes one or more purchases.
A noise, especially a loud one
To urge a person; to press on; to incite to action or motion via intrinsic motivation.
(manner) In accordance with the facts; truthfully, accurately.
A type of round, flat bread baked in a tandoor popular in South and Central Asian cuisine.
A folded-back and stitched piece of fabric; especially, the stitching that joins two or more pieces of fabric.
A hard, fine-grained quartz that fractures conchoidally and generates sparks when struck.
A place torn; a rent; a rift.
A Samoan chief.
Negligence or fault, as distinguishable from dolus (deceit, fraud), which implies intent, culpa being imputable to defect of intellect, dolus to defect of heart.
A high-ranking official or minister in an Islamic government, especially in the Ottoman Empire.
A combination of a user's identification and password used to enter a computer.
A walk, or a journey taken (especially on foot); the act of taking a walk or journey.
A pig of a reddish breed developed in North America.
To cause to suffer; to trouble, afflict. (Now chiefly in interrogative or indefinite constructions.)
Something which holds the greatest attention; the chief point of interest.
A chiefly Californian ornamental evergreen shrub (Heteromeles arbutifolia) of the rose family having white flowers succeeded by red berries.
Carved talisman in humanoid form, common to the cultures of the Pacific Ocean.
The osier (Salix viminalis), a type of willow.
An embedded reporter or journalist, such as a war reporter assigned to and travelling with a military unit, or a political reporter assigned to follow and report on the campaign of a candidate.
Father, dad.
A sharp-pointed dueling sword with a bell-shaped guard, used (with the end blunted) in sport fencing.
A member of the proletariat; a proletarian
A strep throat.
A hill or mountain.
Turned away, contorted (of the face or body).
The period between sunset and sunrise, when a location faces far away from the sun, thus when the sky is dark.
To replace or restore the weapons or arms of a previously defeated, or disarmed army, country, person or other body.
A slight coloring.
A piece of wet, spongy land; low ground saturated with water; soft, wet ground which may have a growth of certain kinds of trees, but is unfit for agricultural or pastoral purposes.
Someone, particularly a friend or male acquaintance, from one's hometown.
To make cold, to sharpen.
A crack or longitudinal fissure.
A heavy iron block used in the blacksmithing trade as a surface upon which metal can be struck and shaped.
The baglama.
Annoying, troublesome, irritating (usually of an animal or child).
A Japanese takeaway lunch served in a box, often with the food arranged into an elaborate design.
The Anglo-Saxon national council or witenagemot.
An association of members joining together for some common purpose, especially sports or recreation.
The European polecat, Mustela putorius.
A flat tapestry-woven carpet or rug.
A polite form of address for a woman or lady.
An especially large or powerful person, animal, or thing.
A gait or a leap in which all four legs are used to push off the ground at once.
A place or institution for the confinement of persons held in lawful custody or detention, especially for minor offenses or with reference to some future judicial proceeding.
A sudden percussive noise.
The act of grazing; a scratching or injuring lightly on passing.
A conifer of the genus Agathis, family Araucariaceae, found in Australasia and Melanesia.
One who has participated in a hajj.
A variety of lettuce with long, crisp leaves.
The complete exon content of an organism or individual.
The person who performs the circumcision in a Jewish bris.
A literary piece written in verse.
To bite or chew loudly or heavily.
To vomit; to throw up; to eject from the stomach.
A valley, a flat grassy area, a glade.
A monastic or similar religious establishment in Hinduism and Jainism, usually more formal and hierarchical than an ashram.
A person from the countryside; a rustic.
A tree (Argania spinosa) of southwestern Morocco, particularly prized for its oil.
A pile or bundle, especially of straw.
To move.
Afternoon.
A person who believes that all people are motivated by selfishness.
(plural "grand") A thousand of some unit of currency, such as dollars or pounds. (Compare G.)
Fashion, style of dressing oneself up.
Glove; mitten
To father; to sire; to produce (a child).
(in combination) Having a range of physical powers as specified.
A Russian or Soviet craftsmen's collective.
Demeanor; facial expression or attitude, especially one which is intended by its bearer.
An establishment that sells goods or services to the public; originally only a physical location, but now a virtual establishment as well.
A coat or skirt having such a hemline
A style of music, first played in the townships, whose principal instrument is the penny whistle.
A bicycle with no suspension system.
To hawk or to peddle merchandise.
An emission of digestive gases from the anus; a flatus.
A body position, typically associated with the practice of yoga.
Near the end of a period of time.
A raised earth mound, often topped with a wooden or stone structure and surrounded with a ditch.
To make a soft murmuring sound, as a pigeon.
A small vehicle used in India, pulled by a single horse.
To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.
A bangle worn by Sikhs, one of the five Ks, to remind them to do God's work.
Thermal energy.
A short piece of music, designed to give a performer practice in a particular area or skill.
Any solid object rounded at one end and tapering on the other, possibly attached to a larger object at the tapered end.
Arrangement, disposition, or sequence.
The dried and partially fermented fatty seeds of the cacao tree from which chocolate is made.
The thing, item, etc. being indicated.
One who skis.
Jagged, toothed or serrated
A flavoured frozen dessert of South Asia, made from milk and resembling ice cream.
A rhombus.
A Bowie knife
A small tube, often with an enlargement or bulb in the middle, and usually graduated, used for transferring or delivering measured quantities of a liquid.
The action, or a session, of reviewing source code to find and eliminate errors.
The group of bones that make up the wrist.
A sailing vessel found in the waters of Micronesia and Indonesia; it has a single, large outrigger and a triangular sail.
One of a group of nymphs who lured mariners to their death on the rocks.
In a shy manner.
Someone who does, performs, or executes; an active person, an agent.
To move on the feet by alternately setting each foot (or pair or group of feet, in the case of animals with four or more feet) forward, with at least one foot on the ground at all times. Compare run.
An extremely toxic protein extracted from the castor bean.
A single oar mounted at the stern of a boat and moved from side to side to propel the boat forward.
Lead glazing used for pottery.
A harmonic set of three or more notes that is heard as if sounding simultaneously.
Any of several wild geese, of the genus Branta, that breed in the Arctic, but especially the brent goose, Branta bernicla.
A fermented milk drink from the Caucasus and Eastern Europe, similar to yogurt but more liquidy.
Subject; theme; a category or general area of interest.
An imitation of the sound of a bird or a horn.
An instance of lazing.
A pivoted catch designed to fall into a notch on a ratchet wheel so as to allow movement in only one direction (e.g. on a windlass or in a clock mechanism), or alternatively to move the wheel in one direction.
A hole sunk into the ground as a source of water, oil, natural gas or other fluids.
To fashion into the shape of a cone.
Shortened form for fraternity, college organization. (Often used as a noun modifier.)
A proportional part or share; the share or proportion assigned to each in a division.
The full adverse effects; the chief consequences or negative results of a thing or event.
A tube or lip through which liquid or steam is poured or discharged.
Moustache, mustache.
(heading, biological) Part of a body.
One of the small grains or drupelets which make up some kinds of fruit, as the blackberry, raspberry, etc.
The edge of the land where it meets an ocean, sea, gulf, bay, or large lake.
A kind of fabric or blanket used in Latin America and southwestern United States.
To elect as a fellow member of a group, such as a committee.
A bent piece of an axle or shaft, or an attached arm perpendicular, or nearly so, to the end of a shaft or wheel, used to impart a rotation to a wheel or other mechanical device; also used to change circular into reciprocating motion, or reciprocating into circular motion.
To loosen, as something interlaced or knotted; to disengage the parts of.
A medicine that operates through the nose; an errhine.
Brightness from a source of light.
Differing from what is usual, ordinary or expected.
A biological organ of vertebrates that controls breathing and oxygenates the blood.
To deal with, handle.
(of food) Not cooked.
To draw or paint; to delineate.
A small piece which breaks off from baked food (such as cake, biscuit or bread).
To wet with, or as if with, dew; to moisten.
Covered with mold.
Peace; security.
Any of a group of light-sensitive proteins in the retina.
(chiefly Sri Lanka) The koel (Eudynamys), a genus of cuckoos from Asia, Australia, and the Pacific with a distinctive loud call; specifically, the Asian koel (Eudynamys scolopaceus).
A loud sucking noise made in eating or drinking
Entertainment involving naked people, especially women.
A system for transferring messages from one computer to another, usually through a network.
A tiny amount; a little bit; tad; smidgen; jot.
A paved outside area, adjoining a house, used for dining or recreation.
To kneel to.
The joining together of multiple sources.
Having or demonstrating undivided and constant support for someone or something.
To mingle; to mix; to unite intimately; to pass or shade insensibly into each other.
A prison camp.
A period of rest or soothing.
The product of flatulence, or the sound of breaking wind.
A light meal usually eaten around midday, notably when not as main meal of the day.
A stupid person or (rarely) thing.
To use a needle to pass thread repeatedly through (pieces of fabric) in order to join them together.
Trust or faith.
"Hello!" or an equivalent greeting.
Cautious, suspicious, wary, hesitant, or nervous about something; having reservations or concerns.
The chemical element (symbol B) with an atomic number of 5, which is a metalloid found in its pure form as a dark amorphous powder.
The sister or sister-in-law of one’s parent.
Useless things to be discarded; rubbish; refuse.
A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles; it has a harsh, croaking call.
A young bird, a chick; now especially, a young game bird (turkey, partridge, grouse etc.).
A person who lives near a given place.
Darkness, dimness or obscurity.
A round mass of something, especially of chewed food in the mouth or alimentary canal.
A tree (Prunus persica), native to China and now widely cultivated throughout temperate regions, having pink flowers and edible fruit.
A tiny freshwater fish, Poecilia reticulata, popular in home aquariums, that usually has a plain body and black or dark blue tail for the females and a more colorful tail for the males.
A fictitious, highly infectious disease; often used in the phrase "the dreaded lurgi", sometimes as a reference to flu-like symptoms
(Russian Orthodoxy) A Russian Orthodox priest; a parson.
To vegetate; to engage in complete inactivity; to rest
To get into one's hands, possession or control, with or without force.
Sucrose in the form of small crystals, obtained from sugar cane or sugar beet and used to sweeten food and drink.
One of various species of freshwater fish of the Cyprinidae or carp family, especially:
The Holy Grail.
Light in color.
In Ancient Greece, a walkway with a roof supported by colonnades, often with a wall on one side; specifically, the Great Hall in Athens.
The state of being banished from one's home or country.
A person who has not yet reached adulthood, whether natural (puberty), cultural (initiation), or legal (majority)
An underhanded, tricky person given to sharp practise; a sharper; a cheat.
The act of snipping; cutting a small amount off of something.
A book specially designed to keep photographs, stamps, or autographs.
A ridge or seam on an organ, bodily tissue, or other structure, especially at the join between two halves or sections.
A light brown to brownish orange colour.
A poet writing in Scots.
A beginner; a novice.
To pronounce.
To surrender.
A young male horse.
To open something by ripping/tearing.
A plastic resin used to make packaging films.
A mongrel dog.
Allodium
An elongated round shape resembling an egg or ellipse.
A public holiday or feast day in Italy, Portugal, etc.
Overly confident; arrogant and boastful.
Food given to (especially herbivorous) animals.
A small rope used to truss up sails.
A Nordic poet of the Viking Age
(usually in the passive) To celebrate (a person).
To distribute or apportion by (or as if by) lot.
A style of blue and white earthenware.
A long or burdensome journey.
A figure formed by two rays which start from a common point (a plane angle) or by three planes that intersect (a solid angle).
To clog or fill with silt.
The act of standing.
To reproach with contemptuous words; to deride, to mock, to taunt.
A cleaving tool for splitting cask staves and shingles from the block.
A South American omnivore, Eira barbara, allied to the grison, with a long thick tail.
(sometimes humorous) To sculpture; to carve or engrave.
A wet nurse.
A sailing vessel found in the waters of Micronesia and Indonesia; it has a single, large outrigger and a triangular sail.
(term of endearment) Husband.
A loose outer garment worn by the citizens of Ancient Rome.
A member of the ancient Spartan class of serfs.
To be or remain suspended.
A small and rather deep collection of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream; a reservoir for water.
A thin, often flavored, Indian cigarette made of tobacco wrapped in a tendu leaf.
An annoyance or grievance.
A quantum bit; the basic unit of quantum information described by a superposition of two states; a quantum bit in a quantum computer capable of being in a state of superposition.
(see usage notes) A trans-exclusionary radical feminist; a radical feminist who does not consider trans women to be women, and/or thinks they should not be included in female spaces or organisations.
A number of domestic animals assembled together under the watch or ownership of a keeper.
Command, injunction.
A solemn pledge or promise, appealing to a deity, a ruler, or another entity (not necessarily present) to attest to the truth of a statement or sincerity of one's desire to fulfill a contract or promise.
A woman's breast.
The chemical element (symbol Rn, formerly Ro) with atomic number 86. It is an odorless, colorless, chemically inert but radioactive noble gas.
Way, manner, method.
A long oven or kiln, often having a moving belt, used for annealing glass.
Warning of bad consequences: ill-boding; portentous.
A comic singer, particularly in comic opera
To fasten (something) with laces.
In the International System of Units, the derived unit of frequency; one (period or cycle of any periodic event) per second. Symbol: Hz
A mitten
A low-pitched beeping sound.
The seventh letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
Something given to another voluntarily, without charge.
A steel reinforcing bar in a reinforced concrete structure.
A stringed instrument related to the violin family, but held in the lap between the legs like a cello, usually with C-holes, a flat back, a fretted neck and six strings, played with an underhanded bow hold.
An excess, too much.
An embalmed human or animal corpse wrapped in linen bandages for burial, especially as practised by the ancient Egyptians and some Native American tribes.
The product of flatulence, or the sound of breaking wind.
A leap from one foot to the other in which one leg appears to be "thrown" in the direction of the movement.
A shouldered firearm with a long, rifled barrel to improve range and accuracy.
Having foots, or settlings.
Pertaining to the blood or blood vessels.
A thicket of small trees or shrubs.
A wild ox, Bison bonasus.
An area of the earth's surface which is raised relative to surrounding land.
To become lost in thought, to ponder.
A mess of something that has been dropped.
A plant, especially a cereal, grown to be harvested as food, livestock fodder or fuel or for any other economic purpose.
Insect.
The condition of being parched.
A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves intentionally to the right. See slice, hook, draw.
Any of several small, paenungulate herbivorous mammals of the order Hyracoidea, with a bulky frame and fang-like incisors, native to Africa and the Middle East.
The visible part of fire; a stream of burning vapour or gas, emitting light and heat.
A slight depression or pit in a bone or organ.
A movable bar placed across the fingerboard of a guitar used to raise the pitch of all strings.
A location where a stream is shallow and the bottom has good footing, making it possible to cross from one side to the other with no bridge, by walking, riding, or driving through the water; a crossing.
The digit/figure 5.
Any member of a race of beings from (especially Scandinavian and other Germanic) folklore, usually depicted as having some sort of supernatural powers and being skilled in crafting and metalworking, often as short with long beards, and sometimes as clashing with elves.
Twelve dozen = 144.
A condition of low temperature.
A one-room Navajo dwelling or ceremonial lodge, constructed of wood and earth and covered with mud.
A weblog using video as its primary presentation format.
(sometimes humorous) Look.
An elevated location smaller than a mountain.
Decoration; especially, decoration placed along edges or borders.
The crime of stealing or otherwise illegally obtaining money by use of deception tactics.
The act of saying sorry; an apology.
Of or relating to an hour, or to hours.
(hypocoristic, usually childish) Mother, female parent.
A sheep that is losing or has lost its teeth.
A tightly braided necklace or collar, often made of metal, worn by various early European peoples.
Any part of a letter which extends into the space used by another letter.
A domesticated animal that has returned to the wild; an animal, particularly a domesticated animal, living independently of humans.
Lieutenant.
Sorrow, grief.
To defecate.
(often in the plural) a rough section of a river or stream which is difficult to navigate due to the swift and turbulent motion of the water.
The beginning of an activity.
A broom made from a bundle of twigs tied onto a shaft.
A plant and corresponding personified divinity, Haoma.
A lesbian.
A person who secretly watches and examines the actions of other individuals or organizations and gathers information on them (usually to gain an advantage).
A street market, particularly in Arabic- and Somali-speaking countries; a place where people buy and sell goods.
Food prepared by broiling.
To relinquish (a right etc.); to give up claim to; to forego.
The regurgitated former contents of a stomach; vomitus.
Any thick liquid that has a high sugar content and which is added to or poured over food as a flavouring.
A nerve fibre which is a long slender projection of a nerve cell, and which conducts nerve impulses away from the body of the cell to a synapse.
A small circular receptacle used in assaying gold or silver with lead.
An Eastern European Jewish, or Yiddish, snack food consisting of a dumpling covered with a shell of baked or fried dough
A male duck.
(Scotland and northern UK) A magpie; a water ouzel.
A working-class youth, especially one associated with aggression, poor education, and a perceived "common" taste in clothing and lifestyle.
A jinn, a being descended from the jann, normally invisible to the human eye, but who may also appear in animal or human form.
A small passerine bird, Linaria flavirostris (syn. Carduelis flavirostris), that breeds in northern Europe and across central Asia.
To emit something as if in rays.
The projection of a mammary gland from which, on female mammals, milk is secreted.
A ridiculously chaotic situation.
To set off, get going; to start a journey.
To feel delighted and proud to the point of tears; to boast; to gloat.
Tobacco rolled and wrapped with an outer covering of tobacco leaves, intended to be smoked.
To hit hard .
An abrupt, high-pitched noise or utterance.
The bone of the forearm that extends from the elbow to the wrist on the side opposite to the thumb, corresponding to the fibula of the hind limb. Also, the corresponding bone in the forelimb of any vertebrate.
To become bigger, especially due to being engorged.
A rotating part of a mechanical device, for example in an electric motor, generator, alternator or pump.
The track or indication marking the route followed by something that has passed, such as the footprints of animal on land or the contrail of an airplane in the sky.
An ancient Greek or Roman building used for performances of music and poetry.
A mingling, mixture, or crowd.
(of a cow, animal, etc.) Giving milk; in note
A current of air, usually coming into a room or vehicle.
An aphid.
A spar formerly used on board of ships, as a crane to hoist the flukes of the anchor to the top of the bow, without injuring the sides of the ship.
A hand, as the part of the fore limb below the forearm in a human, or the corresponding part in other vertebrates.
A materialistic person who affects an anti-materialistic persona.
A discrete division of something.
A movement where a person spins round elegantly; a pirouette.
Resembling or characteristic of a wasp; wasplike.
A narrow lane, alley or path, especially one between houses.
A knot in wood; a large or hard knot, or a protuberance with twisted grain, on a tree.
A tribe.
Elongated form of grr.
A person who sets tiles.
A cluster or lump; an unshaped piece or mass.
A supernatural creature of Irish and Scottish folklore, living in Sidhe; a fairy.
The middle or body of a church, extending from the transepts to the principal entrances.
Destiny, especially terrible.
The track cut out by a scythe in mowing.
Someone who receives a gift from a donor.
A bubble, such as in paint or glass.
To vest ownership of a freehold estate in (someone).
Having to do with people and government office as opposed to the military or religion.
A feeling of apprehension, doubt, fear etc.
The part of the forelimb below the forearm or wrist in a human, and the corresponding part in many other animals.
A decaffeinated coffee, tea, or soft drink.
(usually countable) A tall, tropical Asian perennial herb, Boehmeria nivea, cultivated for its fibrous stems.
An opportunity to test something out; a test.
To impede or bar by estoppel.
To look slyly, or with the eyes half closed, or through a crevice; to peep.
A woman in the context of her own wedding; one who is going to marry or has just been married.
Demeanor; facial expression or attitude, especially one which is intended by its bearer.
To have a strong bad smell.
A rafter of a roof.
(usually preceded by definite article) A dance derived from the twist, popular in the 1960s.
Any plant of the division Cycadophyta, having a stout and woody trunk with a crown of large, hard and stiff, evergreen leaves.
Solan goose
(also dairy products or dairy produce) Products produced from milk.
A wireless telecommunications device that receives text or voice messages.
Soup noodles of wheat, with various ingredients (Japanese style)
A light, translucent cotton fabric used for making curtains and dresses.
Wise, having good judgement.
An animal-drawn sleigh (sledge) of a particular sort.
A cavity, in the form of a bag or tube, lined with choanocytes, that forms the structure of sponges
A medieval Scandinavian nobleman, especially in Norway and Denmark.
The driest and palest type of traditional sherry.
Film noir.
Something stale; a loaf of bread or the like that is no longer fresh.
A short circuit.
A license or permit for absence from a college or a religious house (such as a monastery).
To languish; to lose flesh or wear away through distress.
An interval of space or time in which one set of events or phenomena is completed.
Each of the five regions of the earth's surface into which it was divided by climatic differences, namely the torrid zone (between the tropics), two temperate zones (between the tropics and the polar circles), and two frigid zones (within the polar circles).
A valley, especially in the form of a natural hollow, small and deep.
One of the four major compass points, specifically 0°, directed toward the North Pole, and conventionally upwards on a map, abbreviated as N.
A conduit allowing liquid to flow out of an otherwise contained volume; a plughole (UK)
A small bag usually closed with a drawstring.
A cloth.
(of water) muddy, cloudy (having lots of sediment)
(grammar) Any of the forms of a verb which distinguish when an action or state of being occurs or exists.
Someone or something which times.
To turn; change.
Something which clips or grasps; a device for attaching one object to another.
Often sérac: a hard, cone-shaped, pale green, strongly flavoured cheese from Switzerland made from skimmed cowmilk and blue fenugreek (Trigonella caerulea); Schabziger, Sapsago. It is usually eaten grated, mixed with butter, or in a fondue.
(often childish) Stomach or belly.
The relatively flat part of a limestone pavement between the grikes
Recognition of importance or value; respect; veneration (of someone, usually for being morally upright or successful)
The worldwide Muslim community.
To thrust or push out; butt; poke.
Viscous and adhesive, as glue.
A leopard; a panther.
The rising motion of water as a wave passes; a surge; the upward angular displacement of a vessel, opposed to pitch, the correlative downward movement.
To inspire boredom in somebody.
(Muslim demonology) A genie and descendant of the jann, normally invisible to the human eye, but who may also appear in animal or human form, equivalent to demons in Jewish demonology.
Dyspepsia
A change to the text of a document.
Violence, fighting; a fight.
A skin swelling or sore; a blister; a blotch.
A method of detecting distant objects and determining their position, velocity, or other characteristics by analysis of sent radio waves (usually microwaves) reflected from their surfaces
Of something highly offensive; causing aversion or disgust.
The smallest animal of a litter.
A cowboy.
Having or creating an itch, causing a person or animal to tend to want to scratch.
Situated close to, or even below, the ground or another normal reference plane; not high or lofty.
The characteristic cry of a sheep or a goat.
A shiv (makeshift knife).
The sound of a muffled explosion.
An alcoholic drink fermented from honey and water.
A self-propagating misfolded conformer of a protein that is responsible for a number of diseases that affect the brain and other neural tissue.
Fraught with danger.
A fruit, the Nashi pear, Pyrus pyrifolia.
Resembling or characteristic of an ape
A flat-bottomed craft able to float and drift on water, used for transport or as a waterborne platform.
An animal's tail.
To change place or posture; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another.
A street market, particularly in Arabic- and Somali-speaking countries; a place where people buy and sell goods.
Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.
Any fungus in the genus Claviceps which are parasitic on grasses.
To (cause to) float easily or gently through the air.
(sometimes in the plural) The remains of a destroyed or dilapidated construction, such as a house or castle.
Of or pertaining to a gyrus
A subspecies of onager (Equus hemionus), Equus hemionus kulan.
An alphabetical listing of items and their location.
A water bottle.
A mound or hillock.
A valley, often wooded and often with no river
A digital graphic icon with a unique code point used to represent a concept or object, originally used in Japanese text messaging but since adopted internationally in other contexts such as social media.
To contend in physical conflict, either singly or in war, battle etc.
A lord, master, or other person in authority, most commonly used vocatively: formerly in speaking to elders and superiors, later only when addressing a sovereign.
Any disturbed state of the atmosphere, especially as affecting the earth's surface, and strongly implying destructive or unpleasant weather.
Praise; accolades.
Rambunctious, loud, crazy, dangerous, irrational, and outrageous in behavior.
(usually childish) Mother.
A mass of things heaped together; a heap.
Fecal matter, feces.
The quality or state of being young.
A pancake fried in oil, usually made from potatoes and sometimes also onions, traditionally served on Hanukkah.
A curtain; a drapery.
A melody.
A particular region defined by its weather or climate.
A bag or wallet.
To make such a toast.
Fitted with or attached to a guy.
A baked Italian dish of a thinly rolled bread dough crust typically topped before baking with tomato sauce, cheese and other ingredients such as meat, vegetables or fruit
An emotional or psychological humiliation or bad experience.
A game of chance for two or more players, who mark off numbers on a grid as they are announced by the caller; the game is won by the first person to call out "bingo!" or "house!" after crossing off all numbers on the grid or in one line of the grid.
A repeated instrumental melody line in a song.
(predicative) That is on foot, in motion, in action, in progress.
To eliminate undigested food or waste from the body (as feces).
An explosive device used or intended as a weapon.
A dish of pieces of meat, fish, or vegetables roasted on a skewer or spit, especially a doner kebab.
An intersection or roundabout, where tracks or roads cross (often used in place names).
An amusing story.
(Zimbabwe) Indian hemp, Cannabis sativa indica, or a similar plant of the genus Leonotis.
A raised area of a building's floor, usually covered with carpeting, used for sitting.
A drinking cup.
A laugh, especially a loud or hearty one.
A play, dance, or other entertainment.
An eating utensil shaped like a spoon, the bowl of which is divided into tines like those of a fork, and so has the function of both implements; some sporks have a serrated edge so they can also function as a knife.
A person who has committed a felony.
A stupid person; an idiot; a fool.
Alligator.
One who sneaks; one who moves stealthily to acquire an item or information.
The act of licking; a stroke of the tongue.
One who has participated in a hajj.
A leg of lamb or mutton.
Structures on the end of on the end of the abdomen of most insects, sometimes long, hairlike sensory organs and sometimes smaller and rigid.
(often used teasingly) An overweight person.
A whirring or hissing sound (as above).
Good wishes, love.
A person who has leprosy.
A human or animal infected with rabies.
To start, to initiate or take the first step into something.
A small quantity of liquid, just large enough to hold its own round shape via surface tension, especially one that falls from a source of liquid.
A socialist who is not wholly communist.
A seal, signature or signet.
A traditional saying of a religious leader.
Adornment
A sandwich made on a (usually soft) long Italian roll; a submarine sandwich.
One who rides, often on a horse or a motorcycle.
A type of hydric soil, sticky, greenish-blue-grey in colour and low in oxygen.
To press; to push; to drive; to impel; to force onward.
A roughly-made rafter or roof timber, especially in a Latin American village
A thumb piano, a musical instrument having a small sound box fitted with a row of tuned tabs that are plucked with the thumbs, originating among the Shona of southern Africa; any type of plucked lamellophone of the same type as the Shona instrument.
To deal effectively with something, especially if difficult.
A grotto.
An activity that one enjoys doing in one's spare time.
To deceive with a falsehood.
The morning twilight period immediately before sunrise.
To walk; to roam, to wander.
A thread used to clean the gaps between the teeth.
To pull, to pull out or away, to pull sharply.
Complete or partial muscle paralysis of a body part, often accompanied by a loss of feeling and uncontrolled body movements such as shaking.
A scene in an opera.
The official currencies of Iran, Oman, and Yemen.
Any of several species of Asian ungulates of the genus Capricornis.
A homosexual woman, one who is mostly or exclusively sexually or romantically attracted to other women.
To stir together.
The cry of a cat.
To bury in a grave.
Any of several Japanese breeds of cattle genetically predisposed to intense marbling and to producing a high percentage of oleaginous unsaturated fat.
A conical mound of earth with an ice core caused by permafrost uplift, particularly if lasting more than a year.
Clary sage (Salvia sclarea)
Labour, work, especially of a grueling nature.
One who saves.
(grammar, narrow sense) A word that can be used to refer to a person, animal, place, thing, phenomenon, substance, quality, or idea; one of the basic parts of speech in many languages, including English.
A high-ranking member of a monastery, usually lower in rank than an abbot.
An elf; an inhabitant of fairy-land.
Toilet paper.
A Jewish scholar or teacher of halacha (Jewish law), capable of making halachic decisions.
A large painting, usually drawn on a wall.
To cry, whine or blubber (usually carries a connotation of disapproval).
A thief or pickpocket.
A motorized bicycle for paced cycling events such as keirin.
A silicate mineral of aluminium and fluorine, usually tinted by impurities.
To entertain with wine.
The symbol ♯, placed after the name of a note in the key signature or before a note on the staff to indicate that the note is to be played a semitone higher.
A persimmon, more specifically the Japanese persimmon (Diospyros kaki).
Madhuca longifolia, an Indian tropical tree.
The sound made by exhaling or inhaling roughly through the nose.
A South Asian female servant, maid or nanny, historically, often one working for Europeans in South Asia.
To compel (a person or persons) to leave.
The buttocks or more specifically, the anus.
The vulva or vagina, or a symbol of them, especially as an object of veneration within certain types of Hinduism, Buddhism, and other cultures.
A substance that does not react chemically.
The atmosphere above a given point, especially as visible from the ground during the day.
To blacken or make dirty with soot.
To encounter or discover by accident; to happen upon.
A silent person; a person who does not talk.
A repair or corrective action.
A young man or boy in service; a servant.
A traditional breakfast dish in Germanophone Switzerland (originally from Bern canton) made from potatoes, fried in a pan with butter or fat and widely varying other ingredients such as bacon, onions, cheese, apples or fresh herbs.
Uncomfortable or painful feeling due to recognition or consciousness of one's own impropriety or dishonor or something being exposed that should have been kept private.
A relatively rare or difficult accomplishment.
Amniocentesis
A physically attractive man who lacks intelligence; the male equivalent of a bimbo.
To travel by luge; to ride a luge.
Fraud or cunning.
A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy. If it's an absolute monarchy, then he is the supreme ruler of his nation.
A finite sequence of terms.
One who exerts power, or has the power to act
The act or style of writing.
A succulent berry with a thick rind, the fruit of plants in the genus Genipa.
To join or attach something using glue.
Beyond what is customary or proper; extravagant.
A magnifying glass, usually mounted in an eyepiece, often used by jewellers and watchmakers.
Two times.
Being lower; being beneath something.
Quill
An authoritative statement; a dogmatic saying; a maxim, an apothegm.
An incrustation over a sore, wound, vesicle, or pustule, formed during healing.
A few silk threads or horsehairs, or a strip of linen etc., introduced beneath the skin by a knife or needle, so as to induce suppuration; also, the issue so formed.
A sweater or similar garment made of wool.
Any of various agricultural pest rodents of genus Meriones and rodents of certain species in the genera Sekeetamys, Brachiones, and sometimes Pachyuromys.
Capacity to do something well; technique, ability. Skills are usually acquired or learned, as opposed to abilities, which are often thought of as innate.
A single-room dwelling for a hermit.
A coarse heavy fabric made of jute or hemp.
Any life form of extraterrestrial or extradimensional origin.
Of or pertaining to piety, exhibiting piety, devout, godfearing.
A servomechanism or servomotor.
A recorded sequence of images displayed on a screen at a rate sufficiently fast to create the appearance of motion.
Any of the three regulatory principles of Ayurveda.
A type of hat with no brim.
A bed covering consisting of two layers of fabric stitched together, with insulation between, often having a decorative design.
An attractive woman.
Of a dog, yapping in an annoying manner.
To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.
The tongue or pole of a cart or other vehicle drawn by two animals.
A rubbish collector.
(sometimes affectionate) A fool, prat, twit.
Any of many aquatic photosynthetic organisms, including the seaweeds, whose size ranges from a single cell to giant kelps and whose biochemistry and forms are very diverse, some being eukaryotic.
A practical joke or mischievous trick.
A low-pitched, resonant sound, such as of an explosion.
One who tells lies.
A collaborative website which can be directly edited merely by using a web browser, often by anyone with access to it.
To wish for with eagerness; to desire possession of, often enviously.
To run about; to frisk; to whisk.
Tobacco.
(mildly) A piece of solid animal or human feces.
A gateway to the inner part of an Ancient Egyptian temple.
To long, have a strong desire (for something).
(usually in the plural) An act of righting a wrong; compensation.
A lucky or improbable occurrence, with the implication that the occurrence could not be repeated.
A particular stitch in knitting; an inversion of stitches giving the work a ribbed or waved appearance.
Any of several small marine crustacean species of plankton in the order Euphausiacea in the class Malacostraca.
Boisterous, rowdy, saucy, dissipated, or risqué.
A fake; an imitation that purports to be genuine.
Hard to see through, as a fog or mist.
A type of cigarette substantially longer and thinner than normal cigarettes.
A chaise.
A glass vessel or bottle, especially a small bottle for medicines.
A short spur or stiff projection from the trunk or branch of a tree, such as the stunted dead branch of a fir
A type of very sweet candy or confection, usually made from sugar, butter, and milk or cream. Often used in the US synonymously with chocolate fudge.
One who is alone, lacking or avoiding the company of others.
A door or partition consisting of a wooden frame covered in rice paper.
To remove the gas from.
A magician, illusionist, one who practises sleight of hand.
A period of calm or silence.
One of a series of berths or beds placed in tiers.
Language outside of conventional usage and in the informal register.
Excess of material, useless by-products or damaged, unsaleable products; garbage; rubbish.
A dusky shark.
To eat or consume greedily.
A hunt or pursuit; a chase.
A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.
A Japanese sandal made from rice straw or lacquered wood, worn with a kimono for formal occasions.
A short, high-pitched sound made by a small bird.
(social) Unconstrained.
To move (oneself) abruptly or violently; to rush or dash.
A smear, smudge or blot
A shin of beef.
A frame or framework.
A kind of sponge cake soaked in rum-flavoured syrup.
To make into felt, or a feltlike substance; to cause to adhere and mat together.
A selection.
To assert the truth of, to affirm with confidence; to declare in a positive manner.
A card, die, or domino with five spots or pips.
A mean (unkind or miserly) person; a killjoy.
Any raised flat surface that can be walked on: a balcony; a porch; a raised patio; a flat rooftop.
To make a mess of something; to botch.
An accomplice who locates a mark to be swindled by a confidence trickster.
To bend; to fold; to mould; to adapt, to modify; to change (a person's) mind, to cause (a person) to submit.
Meanings relating to a wind instrument.
A manufactured regenerated cellulosic fiber.
An authoritative principle, belief or statement of opinion, especially one considered to be absolutely true and indisputable, regardless of evidence or without evidence to support it.
A permit to enter and leave a country, normally issued by the authorities of the country to be visited.
Christmas
Having the qualities of gauze; light, thin, transparent, hazy.
The third hour of daylight (about 9 am).
A diviner who foretells events by the behaviour of birds or other animals, or by signs derived from celestial phenomena, or unusual occurrences.
To moisten.
A medieval Arab condiment made from fermented barley.
One who dates.
A lobby, corridor, or waiting room, used in a hotel, theater, etc.
An average person, usually male, of no particular distinction, skill, or education, often a working stiff or lucky stiff.
Upright; vertical or reaching broadly upwards.
The ceremonial meal held on the first night or two nights of Passover.
To make something become nothing; to reject or cancel.
Cessation; extinction (see without cease).
Having the qualities of a bog; i.e. dank, squishy, muddy, and full of water and rotting vegetation.
Resembling beads; small, round, and gleaming.
A toothed implement for grooming the hair or (formerly) for keeping it in place.
A bulk quantity, usually of small items, particularly money; a wad.
To run (a previously broadcast television program) again.
A series of interconnected rings or links usually made of metal.
A person who prepares food.
Any plant of the genus Carex, the true sedge, perennial, endogenous herbs, often growing in dense tufts in marshy places. They have triangular jointless stems, a spiked inflorescence, and long grasslike leaves which are usually rough on the margins and midrib. There are several hundred species.
A forceful blow
To photograph
A piece of work done as part of one’s duties.
A downhill trail.
To jest; play tricks.
Savoy cabbage
A Gypsy.
Eccentric, strange, or foolish; crazy or insane; kookish.
A frumpy person, somebody who is unattractive, drab or dowdy.
Any of several irises that have a fragrant root, especially Iris × germanica.
An act of dodging.
The act of wresting; a wrench or twist; distortion.
The pungent, spicy fresh or dried fruit of any of several cultivated varieties of capsicum peppers, used in cooking.
Part of the sea by a beach sectioned off for swimming and other aquatic activities.
An egg.
In the nature of a joke; jocular
Payment for the temporary use of something.
Demobilization; release from military service.
A cooking-dish used for boiling; a cauldron.
Aromatic or pungent plant matter (usually dried) used to season or flavour food.
To become larger, to increase in magnitude.
An evergreen shrub or tree, Ceratonia siliqua, native to the Mediterranean region.
A sentence, phrase, or word, forming part of an heraldic achievement.
A sensation, pleasant or unpleasant, detected by inhaling air (or, the case of water-breathing animals, water) carrying airborne molecules of a substance.
Frame around the neck, and related senses.
The calcined ash of coarse seaweed, used for the manufacture of soda and iodine.
A fool, a twit.
A tempo mark directing that a passage is to be played very slowly.
In a dim manner.
A scoundrel, rascal or unprincipled, deceitful, and unreliable person.
An enclosed windowed chair suitable for a single occupant, carried by at least two porters, in equal numbers in front and behind, using wooden rails that passed through metal brackets on the sides of the chair.
The front part of the leg below the knee; the front edge of the shin bone: Shinbone
A fish, the ide, Leuciscus idus.
A machine consisting of a drum on an axle, a friction brake or ratchet and pawl, and a crank handle or prime mover (often an electric or hydraulic motor), with or without gearing, to give increased mechanical advantage when hauling on a rope or cable.
A soprano and melody wind instrument in the modern orchestra and wind ensemble. It is a smaller instrument and generally made of grenadilla wood. It is a member of the double reed family.
A small bundle, as of straw or other like substance; any slender, flexible structure or group.
A young horse or related animal, especially just after birth or less than a year old.
To come to an end
To cause to fly; put to flight; drive off (by frightening).
A googly.
A fava bean; a bean (seed or seed pod) of the plant Vicia faba or the plant itself.
Any of many plants with thorny stems growing in dense clusters, such as many in the Rosa, Rubus, and Smilax genera.
A traditional Jewish dish consisting of baked pudding of rice, pasta, or potatoes with vegetables or raisins and spices
A trap (especially one made from a loop of wire, string, or leather).
Sweet talk.
Not in danger; out of harm's reach.
A seed coat.
Any of various melodic forms used in Indian classical music, or a piece of music composed in such a form.
The bottom of a face, (specifically) the typically jutting jawline below the mouth.
A set of twelve.
The colour of the clear sky or the deep sea, between green and violet in the visible spectrum, and one of the primary additive colours for transmitted light; the colour obtained by subtracting red and green from white light using magenta and cyan filters; or any colour resembling this.
To demolish; to level to the ground.
Base, bottom, minimum
To take a long walk for pleasure or exercise.
A worker who runs errands; an errand boy.
(in combination) A gathering for a specified reason or occasion.
A photograph, printed in a magazine or other publication, of a sexually attractive person (often nude or provocatively dressed), and intended to be removed and pinned up on a wall.
To get mud on (something).
One who idles; one who spends his or her time in inaction.
A Muslim who has memorized the whole Qur'an
A comedian.
A charred substance.
An area of ground that tends evenly upward or downward.
To play dance music, or to dance, in a juke
The armpit.
A land area free of woodland, cities, and towns; open country.
The pulse.
Ripening or blooming early.
The style of decoration of a room or building.
(heading) Boundary, land within a boundary.
Incognito.
Any of several small, slow-moving primates, of the family Lorisidae, found in India and southeast Asia.
Elongated portion.
A pipe or duct that carries gaseous combustion products away from the point of combustion (such as a furnace).
A bud; an asexual reproductive structure, as found in liverworts and hydra, able to produce new individuals from a cluster of cells.
A plot of land; a lot.
The piece by which an object is attached to something, such as the frog of a scabbard or the metal loop at the back of a buckle by which it is fastened to a strap.
A subtribe of an iwi; the basic political unit within Māori society.
A latch or catch.
A din or confused noise, as of many voices, birdsong, etc.
Reconnaissance.
To whirl
A punk-derived subculture of people who predominantly dress in black, associated with mournful music and attitudes.
A wagon; a four-wheeled cart for hauling loads, usually pulled by horses or oxen.
3.7×1010 decays per second, as a unit of radioactivity. Symbol Ci.
Of or relating to feces.
(often in the plural) In general, a product of plant growth useful to man or animals.
Azadirachta indica, a large, mostly evergreen tree from India, whose seeds yield the insecticide azadirachtin.
A state of long-standing mutual hostility.
A fragile spore produced by some fungi.
Exhibiting strong, masculine beauty.
A device for moving or compressing a liquid or gas.
A small cut in a surface.
A pointed missile weapon, intended to be thrown by the hand, for example a short lance or javelin
A provincial governor in certain Islamic countries.
(always meter) A device that measures things.
Another time; once more.
A negative aspect; a downer.
The part of a sentence that provides new information regarding the current theme.
To bring (land) under the system of feudal tenure.
Various former units of length notionally based on the distance from a grown man's elbow to his fingertips, standardized in different places and times at values between 35 and 60 cm.
Any alga of the genus Fucus.
To finish; to put an end to; to kill.
Having lots of juice.
Food obtained by violence; plunder; prey; raven.
Buttocks, bottom
A banana
(babytalk) A fart, perhaps a relatively quiet one.
A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Turkish lira
(usually transitive, sometimes intransitive, stative) To have a strong affection for (someone or something).
A type of sauce, similar to mayonnaise, made from garlic, egg, lemon juice and olive oil.
To wander or travel freely and with no specific destination.
A sauce, especially for pasta, originating from the Genoa region in Italy, made from basil, garlic, pine nuts, olive oil and cheese (usually pecorino)
An eye.
Lively or energetic.
The part of the foot between the tibia and fibula and the metatarsus.
Japanese porcelain wares (made in the town of Arita and exported from the port of Imari, particularly around the 17th century).
A flat stone used to pave a pathway, such as a walkway to one's home.
A fold in the fabric of a garment, usually a skirt, as a part of the design of the garment, with the purpose of adding controlled fullness and freedom of movement, or taking up excess fabric. There are many types of pleats, differing in their construction and appearance.
Inferior; unpleasant; unacceptably bad.
A pale yellowish (golden brown) color, especially said of hair color.
A seabird of the genus Larus or of the family Laridae.
The Pyrenean chamois, Rupicapra rupicapra.
A non-Hawaiian, usually specifically a Caucasian.
To live; to reside.
The maple tree, or maple wood.
A mischievous or hostile spirit.
A level area which habitually fills with water that evaporates entirely.
Filled with doom and gloom: depressing or pessimistic
Disbelief or uncertainty (about something); a particular instance of such disbelief or uncertainty.
A type of note used in plainsong notation, having a tail and representing a single tone.
A soft, crumbly, chalky, grayish limestone.
A border of an anatomical part, such as the edge of the cornea.
A retinue or company of attendants, as of a distinguished personage
The shin (tibia and fibula)
A cripple.
Pornography.
Later; second (of two); next, following, subsequent
A dish of pieces of meat, fish, or vegetables roasted on a skewer or spit, especially a doner kebab.
Rastafarian
Something or someone that is physically attractive.
Any of the medium-sized rodents of the family Capromyidae, which inhabit the Caribbean islands.
A partially free peasant of a low hereditary class, attached like a slave to the land owned by a feudal lord and required to perform labour, enjoying minimal legal or customary rights
To make unfit; to render unsuitable, spoil, disqualify.
A seaweed, Eisenia bicyclis, used in Japanese cuisine.
A former subunit of currency in several countries in the Ottoman/Turkish and Yugoslav regions.
To move cautiously by advancing its front end.
To pierce; now generally replaced by transfix.
A musical range or section higher than bass and lower than alto.
A stupid person; a blockhead or dullard.
Being in a healthy condition; not deranged; thinking rationally.
To start, to initiate or take the first step into something.
The univalent N3 radical or functional group or any ester containing this group
Musa textilis, a species of banana tree native to the Philippines grown for its textile, rope- and papermaking fibre.
Somebody's own act and deed.
Any of various spicy meatball or meatloaf dishes of the Middle East, Caucasus, South Asia, and the Balkans.
Very large in scope or scale.
Acidulated whey, sometimes mixed with buttermilk and sweet herbs, used as a cooling beverage.
A video, image or text spread by "word of mouth" on the internet or by e-mail for humorous, political or marketing purposes.
A delay.
A pang, spasm.
A sworn statement concerning where, when, and before whom an oath has been made.
Without water or moisture, said of something that has previously been wet or moist; resulting from the process of drying.
The staircase and landing or porch leading to the entrance of a residence.
A semi-pellucid, uncrystallized variety of quartz, presenting various tints in the same specimen, with colors delicately arranged in stripes or bands, or blended in clouds.
A sudden plunging into water.
The position, especially the usual, normal position, of a body part or part of a plant.
A city or town.
The person or thing coming next after the ninth in a series; that which is in the tenth position.
A ductless gland, consisting mainly of lymphatic tissue, located behind the top of the breastbone. It is most active during puberty, after which it shrinks in size. It plays an important role in the development of the immune system and produces lymphocytes.
(grammar) A physical form representing some morpheme in language. It is a recurrent distinctive sound or sequence of sounds.
Water in which food (meat or vegetable etc) has been boiled.
A recording device, used by the Incas, consisting of intricate knotted cords.
The plant Primula elatior, similar to cowslip but with larger, pale yellow flowers.
A discoloured spot or area.
A floating hotel; a boat that acts as a hotel
A tinker.
The stem of a mushroom, kelp, etc.
A small shoot or scion of a tree inserted in another tree, the stock of which is to support and nourish it. The two unite and become one tree, but the graft determines the kind of fruit.
A traditional drum, beaten by yobidashi to announce the beginning of a tournament, and at the end of each day
An act of putting the ball or shuttlecock in play in various games.
Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.
To publish personal information (of an individual) on the Internet.
That which is easily obtained, or certain to occur.
The "Enter" key on a computer keyboard.
An ache or bodily suffering, or an instance of this; an unpleasant sensation, resulting from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; hurt.
A form of Japanese contemporary dance.
A South American lizard of the genus Tupinambis, which is sometimes kept as a pet.
A horizontal or nearly horizontal passage from the surface into a mine, as contrasted with a shaft or vertical entry passage. An adit may be used for ventilation, haulage, drainage, or other purposes.
A material, consisting of tarred fibres, used to caulk or pack joints in plumbing, masonry, and wooden shipbuilding.
Everything having to do with the Internet considered collectively.
(chiefly US) The introductory paragraph(s) of a newspaper or other news article.
A time period of sixty minutes; one twenty-fourth of a day.
To suffer pain; to be the source of, or be in, pain, especially continued dull pain; to be distressed.
Unstable; easily rocked.
A shutter on a window.
To rest on one's bent knees, sometimes only one; to move to such a position.
The creation of sound effects, and their addition to film and TV images
A small piece of soft, absorbent material, such as gauze, used to clean wounds, apply medicine, or take samples of body fluids. Often attached to a stick or wire to aid access.
A hollow form or matrix for shaping a fluid or plastic substance.
To compose or treat in verse; versify.
A person used for sex, particularly:
Any substance or antibody that can cause the destruction (by lysis) of blood cells, bacteria etc
A mocking remark or reflection.
The (often spherical) end of the head of a hammer opposite the main hammering end.
Turf; soil; ground; sod.
That which remains; that which is left after loss or decay; a remaining portion.
The tailed pepper, Piper cubeba; an Indonesian plant cultivated for its berries and essential oil.
A lucid dream.
A daub.
An electronic device for connecting a balanced transmission line to an unbalanced one.
To fill or load (related to cargo or a shipment).
A type of small boat, covered over by a surface deck, powered by the occupant or occupants using a double-bladed paddle in a sitting position, from a hole in the surface deck
Contempt or disdain.
A short comic performance.
The main part of the (human) body that extends from the neck to the groin, excluding the head and limbs.
Of a person, having a lot of hair on the body.
A female child, adolescent, or a young woman.
Mother
Any snake.
Pertaining to a prophet; prophetic, oracular.
A plate or scale in the throat region of the body of a fish or reptile (especially a snake).
The stronger part of a musical measure: the part containing the beat.
Of, relating to, or containing ions
A latch or fastening for a door, window etc.
A kind of woolen, or woolen and cotton, cloth, often highly glazed, used for curtains, sieves, strainers, etc.
To hurt or sting.
A landed estate.
A plain or steppe in parts of Latin America.
A group of voters or politicians who share common goals.
The ability to speak, and to understand spoken language
The sharp cutting edge of a knife, chisel, or other tool, a razor blade/sword.
A grimace.
Any of many plants with thorny stems growing in dense clusters, such as many in the Rosa, Rubus, and Smilax genera.
A Roman unit of weight equal to about 327 grams.
A person who has the acute form of a disorder, such as schizophrenia.
Weight.
Deities among the Hindu dharma. Considered to be a group of power-seeking deities, sometimes referred to as devas.
Elongated form of grr.
The concentration of a substance as determined by titration.
Splendor; radiance; shininess.
Moldy or musty.
A lustrous finish applied to velvet and satin.
A collapsible top hat.
Matter in a state intermediate between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid) (or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly.
Short for boba tea.
A large, semi-aquatic, herbivorous (plant-eating) African mammal (Hippopotamus amphibius)
A rank of organ pipes, so called for a supposed resemblance of the sound to that of a viola da gamba.
A large, shallow, oval dish used for serving food.
A portion; a component.
A final examination; a test or examination given at the end of a term or class; the test that concludes a class.
A legless reptile of the sub-order Serpentes with a long, thin body and a fork-shaped tongue.
The part of the leg between the knee and the ankle.
The underside of a roof that extends beyond the external walls of a building.
A type of lyrical poetry, traditionally Provençal, about lovers who must part at dawn.
A small sled, used for man-hauling supplies across snow and ice.
The end (of a book or other work).
An alpine biological community in the central portion of the Andes in which short, coarse grass supports a Native American population.
In no way; not at all; by no available means.
A tilting match: a mock combat between two mounted knights or men-at-arms using lances in the lists or enclosed field.
Dirt, filth or refuse.
A spicy tomato sauce, often including onions and hot peppers.
Buying and selling of goods and services on a market.
As hard as stone.
Mako shark
A type of unleavened bread from Indian and Pakistan.
A mathematical science concerned with data collection, presentation, analysis, and interpretation.
A flexible tube conveying water or other fluid.
Various sounds, usually unwanted or unpleasant.
Wife
The milk-secreting organ of female humans and other mammals which includes the mammary gland and the nipple or teat; a breast; an udder. (plural: mammae)
A sheet material used for writing on or printing on (or as a non-waterproof container), usually made by draining cellulose fibres from a suspension in water.
The protracted, mournful cry of a dog or a wolf, or other like sound.
To ask, to inquire
An animal such as a horse that has a coat of a dark base color with individual white hairs mixed in.
The sound of a bird; any short high-pitched sound or whistle.
Any of several brightly-coloured, venomous snakes, of the genus Bungarus, of southeast Asia.
Several daisy-like flowers in various genera,
The act of stealing property.
Strength; power; might; force .
An artificial waterway or artificially improved river used for travel, shipping, or irrigation.
Astronotus ocellatus, a cichlid fish, native to South America, sometimes kept in aquariums.
A prolonged cry, usually high-pitched, especially as of grief or anguish.
Alleviation; abatement; check.
(Scotland and northern UK) A magpie; a water ouzel.
Rhyming verse (poetic form)
A waiting for; ambush.
To compose or treat in verse; versify.
A thin, pointed, projecting part, as of an antler or a fork or similar tool. A tine.
Having the nature of, or containing, gas.
The status or condition of something
To move a growing plant from one pot to a larger one to allow for further growth
A female prostitute or harlot.
The act of wiping something.
A sudden, often uncontrolled movement, especially of the body.
A fashionably elegant person.
Acanthocybium solandri, a tropical and subtropical game fish.
A mark or symbol worn on the forehead by Hindus, ornamentally or as an indication of status.
A small ornamental piece of lace or linen or paper used to protect a surface from scratches by hard objects such as vases or bowls; or to decorate a plate of food.
The sensation of a sour taste.
The sound made when a significant amount of liquid is poured suddenly out of something, such as a jug or bottle.
A small protuberance on the external surface of the back of the skull near the neck; the external occipital protuberance.
A bead or a set of beads commonly used by Hindus and Buddhists for keeping count while reciting, chanting, or mentally repeating a mantra or the name or names of a deity.
A special group or social class of people which have a superior intellectual, social or economic status as, the elite of society.
A pedipalp, an appendage found near the mouth in invertebrates; has a variety of functions but is often primarily used for predating.
To look where one is not welcome; to be nosy.
(gnosticism) The basest type of man in the gnostic theologian Valentinus' triadic grouping; a person focused on neither intellectual (psychic) nor spiritual (pneumatic) reality.
A back tooth having a broad surface used for grinding one's food.
Any of several straight muscles in various parts of the body, as of the abdomen, thigh, eye etc.
A light, two-wheeled, horse-drawn carriage used for transportation in India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh.
A man very concerned about his clothes and his appearance.
A thin and usually jagged space opened in a previously solid material.
A brace, band, or clasp for strengthening or holding things together.
A sign (ء‎ - a stand-alone hamza) used in the written Arabic language representing a glottal stop. Hamza may appear as a stand-alone letter or most commonly diacritically over or under other letters, e.g. أ‎ (over an alif - ا‎), إ‎ (under an alif), ؤ‎ (over a wāw - و‎) or ئ‎ (over a dotless yāʾ - ى‎). The exact seat of hamza is governed by an orthographic rule - "seat of hamza rule".
Any of a class of organic nitrogen compounds having the general formula R2C=NR; they are tautomeric with enamines.
A stone.
In a dry manner.
A central room or space in ancient Roman homes, open to the sky in the middle; a similar space in other buildings.
To light or kindle anew.
To be stocked to overflowing.
Respiration, breathing, seen as a life principle or life force.
(of a habitat) Moist.
A long net having floats attached at the top and sinkers (weights) at the bottom, used in shallow water for catching fish.
Acronym of window, icon, menu, pointer. (a graphical interface paradigm)
The foremost side of something or the end that faces the direction it normally moves.
An identifying characteristic, habit or trend.
A mimeograph.
A combination of a user's identification and password used to enter a computer, program, network, etc.
An ordered tree data structure that is used to store an associative array where the keys are usually strings.
A fermented alcoholic beverage made from pears; somewhat analogous to cider.
A silver coin of Ancient Greece.
Anything old or of inferior quality.
An act of frigging.
The Eurasian blackbird, Turdus merula.
The hootchy-kootchy, a type of erotic dance.
A yearling cow; a young bullock or heifer.
An unhealthy vapor or atmosphere; a miasma.
To produce an air current.
A pointed projection on a horseshoe to prevent it slipping.
Marked by the presence of gobs (lumps).
Initialism of scientific/speculative/sophisticated/stupid wild-ass guess.
Something kept or steeped in brine
A firm branch of a tree.
One chosen or set apart.
A rod bent into a curved shape, typically with one end free and the other end secured to a rope or other attachment.
Any of numerous small, mouselike, chiefly nocturnal, mammals of the family Soricidae (order Soricomorpha).
A stallion, especially in the sense of mount.
A boisterous person; a brawler.
Acronym of binary large object. (a data type that allows storage of binary data often of indeterminate length).
A ribbon worn in the hair in ancient Greece.
A sufferer of an infectious disease, especially leprosy.
Acronym of Clip-on Load Adjusting Mechanism. A device that can be fitted onto an oar to adjust set.
A lancer, a soldier armed with a lance in a former light cavalry unit of the Polish, Prussian/German, Austrian, and Russian armies.
Strong muscles or lean flesh, especially of the arm, leg or thumb.
An early form of modern jazz played by small groups and featuring driving rhythms and complex, often dissonant harmonies.
The saltbush: any of several plants, of the genus Atriplex, especially Atriplex hortensis or Atriplex patula, found in dry habitats, that have edible leaves resembling spinach.
Turned away, contorted (of the face or body).
Having a stale odor.
The directional movement of an organism in response to a stimulus.
A soft drop shot.
Of an object, concept, relationship, etc., having existed for a relatively long period of time.
A high point or position, literally or figuratively; an elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven.
Reserved and remote; either physically or emotionally distant; standoffish.
A lady, especially a noblewoman; the title given to a lady in Italy.
Curlew
A pike (fish).
That which binds or ties.
Someone advertising for customers in an aggressive way.
A cloud of dust surrounding the nucleus of a comet.
To waste away; to fade, to wither
A look at something to satisfy one's curiosity.
The innermost sanctuary or shrine in a temple, from where oracles were given.
A doctor, usually practicing traditional medicine.
A monetary unit in Saudi Arabia equivalent to a twentieth of a rial.
To behave like an ape.
A small eel.
To slope or incline from the vertical.
Evasive and shifty
Oneness; the state or fact of being one undivided entity.
A fleshy, thickened underground stem of a plant, usually containing stored starch, for example a potato or arrowroot.
A grassy quadrangle surrounded by cloisters
To endure without yielding; to withstand; await defiantly; to encounter; to persevere.
A movement made to confuse the opponent; a dummy.
To loiter; to sneak.
Poor-quality diamond, used for industrial cutting or abrasion; a poorly crystallized diamond.
One who owns something.
A BIRO brand ballpoint pen.
A commoner, a member of the lower class of a society.
An expatriate; a person who lives outside their own country.
A climbing woody vine, usually tropical.
A ravine; a steep cleft in a hillside.
Itchy, swollen, red areas of the skin which can appear quickly in response to an allergen or due to other conditions.
An exclamation designed to call attention, give encouragement, etc.
To formally revoke the validity of.
One of the many pieces of paper bound together within a book or similar document.
To make the harsh cry of a crow, rook, or raven.
(chiefly South US) used to address a male
(modal, auxiliary verb, defective) Used before a verb to indicate the simple future tense in the first person singular or plural.
To bathe; to steep.
A shallow, oval basket used for gardening
A state of tranquility, quiet, and harmony; absence of violence. For instance, a state free from civil disturbance.
A hardened rectangular block of mud, clay etc., used for building.
A food that has been ground or crushed into a thick liquid.
A rabbit, especially a juvenile.
A cascading or ornamental frill down the front of a blouse, shirt, etc.
A folk name for a bear, especially the brown bear, Ursus arctos.
A type of fruit in which the often edible flesh arises from the swollen base of the flower and not from the carpels.
Lapis lazuli.
A larger part of an organism, composed of tissues that perform similar functions.
A turning; a time (chiefly used in phrases signifying that the part is to be repeated).
Straw, hay etc. stored in a stack for winter fodder, commonly protected with thatch.
To occupy fully, to take up all of.
Any of several plant-eating animals of the family Leporidae, especially of the genus Lepus, similar to a rabbit, but larger and with longer ears.
Manner of walking or stepping; bearing or carriage while moving.
A cover of minute ice crystals on objects that are exposed to the air. Frost is formed by the same process as dew, except that the temperature of the frosted object is below freezing.
Merchandise
A kind of unleavened flatbread commonly consumed in South Asia and the Caribbean.
(Eastern Australia) A type of processed meat sausage.
Minuscule.
A person with poor judgment and taste.
To place (objects) into a line (usually used with "up"); to form into a line; to align.
The graded shift from one color into another.
To drink excessively; to get drunk.
To relinquish (a right etc.); to give up claim to; to forego.
To drive back or beat back; to repulse.
Of clothing, very loose-fitting, so as to hang away from the body.
A button whose functions are pausing and resuming something, such as a DVD player, a video game or a computer.
Slightly fat.
The narrow side of chimney stack, a haunch.
A solar year, the time it takes the Earth to complete one revolution of the Sun (between 365.24 and 365.26 days depending on the point of reference).
That which is believed; accepted doctrine, especially religious doctrine; a particular set of beliefs; any summary of principles or opinions professed or adhered to.
A sharp point or pointed end.
A veil which covers the face, worn by some Muslim women as a part of sartorial hijab.
To pass food into the stomach; to digest; also figuratively, to take on, absorb.
Lively; active.
A loose, flowing upper garment.
The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley.
A greasy secretion with a powerful odour, produced in a glandular sac of the male musk deer and used in the manufacture of perfumes.
An act of throwing, often violently.
A heavy, pliable, inelastic metal element, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished; both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity. It is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic number 82, symbol Pb (from Latin plumbum).
To provide with a clue.
(collective) A mixture of solid and liquid food scraps fed to pigs etc; especially kitchen waste for this purpose.
Each of the two triangular pieces of cloth on the front of a jacket or coat that are folded back below the throat, leaving a triangular opening between.
Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, osmium; specifically, designating those compounds in which it has a higher valence.
Shoulder.
A silky fibre obtained from the silk-cotton tree used for insulation and stuffing for pillows, mattresses, etc.
A mixture of plaster of Paris and glue used to prepare a surface for painting.
The inner and usually the larger of the two bones of the leg or hind limb below the knee, the shinbone
(sometimes attributive) A mark left by scuffing or scraping.
Drab; shabby; dirty; squalid
To make wet with or as if with dew.
A round picture or other work of art.
A type of small bean.
To make free; set at liberty; release.
Any rodent in the family Muridae.
A dessert made originally from peach (now also other fruits), ice cream, and raspberry.
A dark-skinned variety of grape, used to produce red wines.
Mezzo-soprano
A small French coin, originally of silver, afterwards of copper, worth 5 deniers; also a silver coin of Henry V current in the parts of France then held by the English, worth about 8 pence .
A symbol resembling a horizontal line (–), sometimes together with one or two dots (for example, ⨪ or ÷), which was used in ancient manuscripts and texts to mark a word or passage as doubtful or spurious, or redundant; an obelisk.
Silly, quirky
Sixpence.
A small corner formed by two walls; an alcove.
An abstract sphere of influence, real or imagined.
A complaint, often a petty or trivial one.
A readiness in performance; aptness at doing something.
Something that would happen, or would be the case, under different circumstances; a potentiality.
A small, usually round container used to hold the consecrated bread of the Eucharist, especially used to bring communion to the sick, or others who are unable to attend Mass.
The male reproductive organ used for sexual intercourse that in the human male and some other mammals is also used for urination; the tubular portion of the male genitalia (excluding the scrotum).
An instance of segueing, a transition.
To play (with) in an idle or desultory way.
A horn, or anything shaped like or resembling a horn.
Any activity that uses physical exertion or skills competitively under a set of rules that is not based on aesthetics.
A person who is below the age of majority, consent, criminal responsibility or other adult responsibilities and accountabilities.
The young of certain animals, especially a group of young birds or fowl hatched at one time by the same mother.
A control on a carburetor to adjust the air/fuel mixture when the engine is cold.
A burn, or injury to the skin or flesh, by hot liquid or steam.
To prod or jab with an object such as a finger or a stick.
A weeklong period of formal mourning for a close relative.
A circle dance popular in the Balkans, Israel and Yiddish culture worldwide.
A small gastropod (Monetaria moneta, syn. Cypraea moneta) common in the Indian Ocean; its shell.
Like a tart (promiscuous woman); slutty, whorish.
A (small) piece; a fragment; a detached, incomplete portion.
An amusingly eccentric or irrational person.
A thin, narrow strip, fastened to the rafters, studs, or floor beams of a building, for the purpose of supporting a covering of tiles, plastering, etc.
A subdivision of currency, equal to 0.01 Macedonian denar.
A stiff, cylindrical military dress hat with a metal plate in front, a short visor, and a plume.
Grandmother
Griffin, (white) newcomer
To eject something violently (such as lava or water, as from a volcano or geyser).
A tall brimless hat, usually conical or curved on top, worn in Muslim countries as a sign of distinction and prestige.
The wife of a rajah.
A rawhide whip plaited with two thongs of buffalo hide.
Ready money; cash
Any of several species of North American pines in Pinus subsect. Cembroides that bear edible seeds (pine nuts), especially Pinus edulis; the nut pine.
A temporary failure; a slip.
Something deposited, laid, or hazarded on the event of a contest or an unsettled question; a bet; a stake; a pledge.
Someone who inherits, or is designated to inherit, the property of another.
A sailor.
An anise-flavoured aperitif, originating in Greece.
The frozen, crystalline state of water that falls as precipitation.
A plant, Pisum sativum, member of the legume (Fabaceae) family.
An alloy of iron containing 35.5% nickel, and having a very low coefficient of expansion.
The long bone in the forearm, on the side of the thumb.
To display, to have somebody see (something).
The dull sound so produced.
Any of various small two-winged flies, for example, from the family Chironomidae or non-biting midges, the family Chaoboridae or phantom midges, and the family Ceratopogonidae or biting midges, all belonging to the order Diptera
Reverence and devotion to God.
A gentle push.
A raised platform built from the shore out over water, supported on piles; used to secure, or provide access to shipping; a jetty.
To tie; to confine by any ligature.
A marsh plant native to cooler areas throughout the northern hemisphere, Calla palustris, having pale green flowers in a white spathe.
Hairs or similar protrusions along the margin of a plant organ.
The space from the thumb to the end of the little finger when extended; nine inches; an eighth of a fathom.
The amount remaining after expenses are deducted; profit.
A type of Japanese poem.
(heading) To position or be positioned physically.
A large flat-bottomed boat, having broad, square ends.
Someone who is hostile to, feels hatred towards, opposes the interests of, or intends injury to someone else.
A tree of the genus Thuja.
A dome-shaped Buddhist monument, used to house relics of the Lord Buddha.
To turn inside out (like a pocket being emptied) or outwards.
The notional area of land able to be farmed in a year by a team of 8 oxen pulling a carruca plow, usually reckoned at 120 acres.
A sports competition, especially for track and field (a track meet) or swimming (a swim meet).
The handle of a tool or weapon.
To fit (a lock) with a key.
A vessel used for churning, especially for producing butter.
The hereditary sovereign of Hyderabad, a former state of India.
The Islamic marriage ceremony
A hand with the fingers clenched or curled inward.
A fern; bracken.
Resembling the sound of a flute.
A band worn around the waist to hold clothing to one's body (usually pants), hold weapons (such as a gun or sword), or serve as a decorative piece of clothing.
An educational institution for young children, usually between ages 4 and 6; nursery school.
A sudden attack, especially an air raid; usually with reference to the Blitz.
To induce someone or something to leave.
To flutter; palpitate.
All the facts and traditions about a particular subject that have been accumulated over time through education or experience.
Fraud, deception.
To throw (something) with force.
A half note, drawn as a semibreve with a stem.
An expression of surprise, shock etc.
The shell or husk, especially of grains (e.g. corn/maize) or nuts (e.g. walnuts).
An enclosed area, often outdoor, for the presentation of sporting events (sports arena) or other spectacular events; earthen area, often oval, specifically for rodeos (North America) or circular area for bullfights (especially Hispanic America).
Of or relating to a kind of ignition, used in portable camping stoves etc., where pressing a button causes a small spring-loaded hammer to strike a crystal of PZT or quartz, creating a voltage which ignites the gas.
(Of the weather, air, etc) humid, or hot and humid.
A pink and grey species of cockatoo, Eolophus roseicapilla, native to Australia.
An item of furniture used to sit on or in, comprising a seat, legs, back, and sometimes arm rests, for use by one person. Compare stool, couch, sofa, settee, loveseat and bench.
One who cries.
Given to sudden or frequent changes of mind; temperamental.
Any derivative of an oxoacid in which the hydroxyl group has been replaced with an amino or substituted amino group; especially such derivatives of a carboxylic acid, the carboxamides or acid amides
A Greek city-state.
An act of sexual intercourse.
Smarmy language or behavior.
A form of seated meditation in Zen Buddhism.
A living organism (originally a plant) produced asexually from a single ancestor, to which it is genetically identical.
An unidentified humanoid animal said to live in the Himalayas
A painful muscular cramp or spasm of some part of the body, as of the neck or back, making it difficult to move the part affected. (Compare catch.)
Coarse; crude; unrefined or insensitive; lacking discrimination
(Zimbabwe) expert, guru, maven
(Southern Africa) A shallow wetlands or minor lake, generally a seasonal one, or the lowland where such a wetlands appears seasonally.
A female nix, a water-spirit.
A competitor (person, team, company, etc.) with the same goal as another, or striving to attain the same thing. Defeating a rival may be a primary or necessary goal of a competitor.
A shady sitting place or pergola usually in a park or garden, surrounded by climbing shrubs, vines or other vegetation.
A gathering of elders or leaders in Pakistan or Afghanistan, especially within a tribe.
The front part of the head of a human or other animal, featuring the eyes, nose and mouth, and the surrounding area.
A cross shaped like a T with a loop at the top, the Egyptian hieroglyph representing the Egyptian triliteral ꜥnḫ and often used as an amulet or charm for this concept.
A native-born Israeli.
The meat from a cow, bull or other bovine.
The habit or an act of lisping.
To have or express an opinion; to state as an opinion; to suppose, consider (that).
A gown.
A currency unit of Uzbekistan, one hundredth of a som.
In a wry manner.
A dog.
A Japanese stringed instrument having numerous strings, usually seven or thirteen, that are stretched over a convex wooden sounding board and are plucked with three plectra, worn on the thumb, index finger, and middle finger of one hand.
The triangular area at the peak of an external wall adjacent to, and terminating, two sloped roof surfaces (pitches).
The usual amount swallowed.
Unfavorable; negative; not good.
To lament.
Money, cash.
Any of three genera of large Asian ungulates belonging to the subfamily Caprinae (goat-antelopes).
To tie (something) with rope.
The chemical element (symbol Ar) with an atomic number of 18. The third most abundant gas in the Earth's atmosphere, it is a colourless, odourless, inert noble gas.
To place a curse upon (a person or object).
Strength, power, passion or effectiveness; clout.
An overly studious person, particularly student.
A person who keeps a house of prostitution, or procures women for prostitution; a procurer, a madame.
Any of various grazing waterfowl of the family Anatidae, which have feathers and webbed feet and are capable of flying, swimming, and walking on land, and which are bigger than ducks.
A seaweed of a reddish-brown color (Palmaria palmata) which is sometimes eaten, as in Scotland.
A person who steers a ship, a helmsman.
A substance used to treat an illness, relieve a symptom, or modify a chemical process in the body for a specific purpose.
To come up from a lower to a higher position.
A type of Soviet artillery multiple rocket launcher, or a rocket fired by this.
A hard substance made of the limestone skeletons of marine polyps.
Couch grass, a species of persistent grass, Elymus repens, usually considered a weed.
Any of various predatory seabirds of the family Stercorariidae that often chase other seabirds to steal their catches.
Easy to use.
A tactic, strategy, or gimmick.
Interest on money; usury; increase.
(plural "villas") A house, often larger and more expensive than average, in the countryside or on the coast, often used as a retreat.
A device that has a helical function.
A traitor; a person not to be trusted.
A large social dancing event in parts of Africa.
Any object used as a wedge or filler, especially when placed behind a wheel to prevent it from rolling.
Abatement.
A soft or sentimental hum or song.
Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.
Any plant in the genus Ajuga, especially the ornamental ground cover Ajuga reptans.
Unpleasantly dirty and disgusting.
Crazy person; crackpot or lunatic.
A gentleman.
To exclude or shut out; to bar.
A turning or doubling back, especially of animals to get out of the way of hunting dogs.
A device that generates heat, light or other radiation. Especially an electric light bulb.
An effeminate man, especially a homosexual.
The stems of various cultivated plants, left after harvesting the crop to be used as animal litter or for thatching.
A complete or (more often) partial absence of light.
To spoil the score of (someone) in cribbage.
A landing-place in a river; a harbour or small port.
A phase.
A well-dressed man.
A dialogue between master and student designed to obtain an intuitive truth.
A child or baby.
Sexually attractive women considered collectively; usually connoting a connection with the upper class.
Any of various species of large, long-necked waterfowl, of genus Cygnus (bird family: Anatidae), most of which have white plumage.
A representation of the sacred asp, symbolising supreme power in ancient Egypt.
The outer skin of a citrus fruit, used as a flavouring or garnish.
Exclamation of dismay.
Pertaining to, resembling, or abounding in ice; cold; frosty.
Open and not concealed or secret.
An idler, a lout.
To join or unite (e.g. one thing to another, or as several particulars) so as to increase the number, augment the quantity or enlarge the magnitude, or so as to form into one aggregate.
A marine gastropod of the family Strombidae which lives in its own spiral shell.
A Russian villa or summer house in the countryside.
A composer, conductor, or performer of music; specifically, a person who sings and/or plays a musical instrument as a hobby, an occupation, or a profession.
The wrinkling of the brows or face in frowning; the expression of displeasure, sullenness, or discontent in the countenance; an angry frown.
In a mad manner; without reason or understanding; wildly.
To invite; bid; ask.
Waves that break on an ocean shoreline.
A philosophical belief in the existence of a god (or goddess) knowable through human reason; especially, a belief in a creator god unaccompanied by any belief in supernatural phenomena or specific religious doctrines.
To estimate the value of; judge the worth of something.
An unborn or unhatched vertebrate showing signs of the mature animal.
Like a debutante.
A Mexican cooperative farm.
To become bigger, especially due to being engorged.
A loud, ringing sound, like that made by free-hanging metal objects striking each other.
A unit of weight for precious stones and pearls, equivalent to 200 milligrams.
Hell; the infernal pit; the great deep; the primal chaos.
To become sleepy or weary.
One who hikes, especially frequently.
A surge of water.
A very large meal, often of a ceremonial nature.
Marijuana
Easy, making few demands, comfortable.
A coarse mediaeval coat of defence, especially one made of leather.
A slope or inclination.
(heading, physical) To do with shape.
A sailing vessel found in the waters of Micronesia and Indonesia; it has a single, large outrigger and a triangular sail.
Excessively sweet, emotional, nostalgic; cheesy; mushy. (British equivalent: soppy)
The neurotoxin O-isopropyl methylphosphonofluoridate, used as a chemical weapon.
A light musket or firelock.
Any of a number of autoimmune diseases, the most common of which is systemic lupus erythematosus.
Fibro-cement; a building material consisting of asbestos fibres and cement pressed into sheets.
(past tense clad) To clothe.
An extended narrative poem in elevated or dignified language, celebrating the feats of a deity, demigod (heroic epic), other legend or traditional hero.
An abstract archetype of a given thing, compared to which real-life examples are seen as imperfect approximations; pure essence, as opposed to actual examples.
An argot, the jargon of a particular class or subgroup.
A sudden jerk; a quick throw or cast; a darting motion
A small, light vehicle with runners, used recreationally, mostly by children, for sliding down snow-covered hills. (A "sled" in this sense is not pulled by an animal as a "sleigh" is.)
A passionate kiss.
(slightly derogatory) A celebrity.
A rod or staff of office, e.g. of a verger.
(often capitalized) A member of one of various Ancient Equatorial African tribal peoples, notable for their very short stature.
(US) To pass (a test, interviews etc.) perfectly.
A state currency formerly used by the Republic of Slovenia between 1991 and 2006, divided into 100 stotins.
To place in an attitude or fixed position, for the sake of effect.
Tree bark
A group of 8–12 (or more) quail.
A voodoo priestess (in Haiti)
To cry like a crane.
A look, especially a quick one; a peek.
A person of rural heritage; a yokel.
The interior bottom or surface of a house or building; the supporting surface of a room.
A rude, rustic man; a churl.
(often capitalized) A member of one of various Ancient Equatorial African tribal peoples, notable for their very short stature.
The absence of sound; quietness.
To review each image on a digital camera after it is taken.
Approximately, about, around (typically in relation to time)
An indeterminate central vowel sound as the "a" in "about", represented as /ə/ in IPA.
Any nounal word or phrase which indicates a particular person, place, class, or thing.
To entertain or occupy in a pleasant manner; to stir with pleasing emotions.
The point of the celestial sphere, directly opposite the zenith; inferior pole of the horizon; point of the celestial sphere directly under the place of observation.
A strip of leather.
A domesticated ox native to Asia and Africa, having a large fleshy hump on its back and a dewlap (Bos primigenius indicus).
(usually in the plural) A little schoolboy.
An ineffectual or unattractive person; a dag.
The fibre obtained from the husk of a coconut, used chiefly in making rope, matting and as a peat substitute.
An evergreen tree, Myoporum laetum, native to New Zealand.
The top part of a boot or shoe, above the sole and welt and in front of the ankle seam, that covers the instep and toes; the front part of an upper; the analogous part of a stocking.
An article of clothing that is worn on the upper part of the body, and often has sleeves, either long or short, that cover the arms.
A Polynesian sacred altar or enclosure
The numeric symbol that represents the cardinal number zero.
Great warmth of feeling; fervor; passion.
That which is thin and broad.
A polyhedron with parallel ends of the same size and shape, the other faces being parallelogram-shaped sides.
A small, rich, pastry or quick bread, sometimes baked on a griddle.
A prolonged, loud cry, like the sound of an animal; a wail; a howl.
(interrogative) What one or ones (of those mentioned or implied).
An English unit of land area (symbol: a. or ac.) originally denoting a day's plowing for a yoke of oxen, now standardized as 4,840 square yards or 4,046.86 square meters.
The process by which something is dried.
The aim or goal.
An actual event, situation, or fact.
A fungal infection of the skin, known generally as ringworm.
The suit, in a game of cards, that outranks all others.
To provide berms or other secondary enclosures to guard against accidental fluid spills within.
A miniskirt.
A measure of the rate of flow of fluid, especially through a pipeline, equal to one cubic metre per second (m³/s).
To restore to health.
Resembling a beam in size and weight; massy.
(except Scots) Stomach mucus, especially of a hawk.
A former small Hebrew unit of dry volume equal to about 2.3 L or 2.1 quarts.
A type of twilled woollen cloth, often with a tartan or chequered pattern.
A vetch, or the seed of a vetch (genus Vicia, esp. Vicia sativa)
A rich, dense cake, typically made with many eggs and relatively little flour (as opposed to a sponge cake or gâteau).
To make (something) dirty.
A wooden statue used as a cult image in Ancient Greece.
A small, confined space.
(grammar) A word that indicates an action, event, or state.
To drag or pull, especially forcibly.
The sound produced by a typical car horn.
Someone who romps; especially, a girl or young woman who indulges in boisterous play; a tomboy.
A ship used to transport people, smaller vehicles and goods from one port to another, usually on a regular schedule.
The technology that allows for the transmission of sound or other signals by modulation of electromagnetic waves.
A criticism done by ranting.
A heliotrope (surveying instrument).
A tract of land that has been left untilled for a long time.
A barn, especially one used for keeping cattle in.
Vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty.
A Ukrainian national dance in 2/4 time.
Characteristic of bop or bebop.
To calm down.
To hold very tightly, as to not fall off.
Easily frightened; timid.
A young, newly-weaned pig.
The terminal part of the large intestine through which feces pass after exiting the colon.
A beacon that, on detecting a radar signal, responds by transmitting a coded navigation signal.
(heading, physical) To do with shape.
A group or company of people, originally especially one having hostile intent; a throng, a crowd.
The part of Earth which is not covered by oceans or other bodies of water.
The emotion usually following humour and accompanied by laughter; merriment; jollity; gaiety.
To direct words and/or thoughts to God or any higher being, for the sake of adoration, thanks, petition for help, etc.
Four shots of espresso.
To emit smoke, gas, etc., in puffs.
A person of low general intelligence.
To request (information, or an answer to a question).
The cessation of breathing.
To honor; to hold in high esteem.
Resembling plates.
Aggressively ambitious; overly assertive, bold or determined.
A contemptible, often arrogant person.
The highest score in judo, awarded for a throw that places the opponent on their back with impetus or for holding the opponent on their back for a number of seconds.
Gymnocephalus cernua, a small Eurasian freshwater fish.
To expose (something) to fumes; specifically, to expose wood, etc., to ammonia in order to produce dark tints.
The chemical element (symbol Xe) with an atomic number of 54. It is a colorless, odorless, unreactive noble gas, used notably in camera flash technology.
To remove wax from a material or from a surface.
An abnormal growth; differential diagnosis includes abscess, metaplasia, and neoplasia.
In motion; characterized by motion.
A slight wound.
A shirt.
A villain or bad guy; the one responsible for evil or aggressive acts.
Having a pleasant or satisfying flavor; delicious.
Large; great in size, extent, capacity, or bulk; for example spacious, roomy or widely extended.
A pigmented filament of keratin which grows from a follicle on the skin of humans and other mammals.
Something that tempts or attracts, especially one with a promise of reward or pleasure
A person whom a church or another religious group has officially recognised as especially holy or godly; one eminent for piety and virtue.
Any approximately spherical bacterium.
The spirit or essence of a person usually thought to consist of one's thoughts and personality. Often believed to live on after the person's death.
A bone found in the skull of most reptiles, amphibians and birds; the equivalent of a malar in mammals.
(of a male) to procreate; to father, beget, impregnate.
A machine or other device designed to catch (and sometimes kill) animals, either by holding them in a container, or by catching hold of part of the body.
An elongated piece of wood or similar material, typically put to some use, for example as a wand or baton.
To burst or cut a cell or cell structure; to induce lysis.
A small stream or brook.
A deposit of monosodium urate crystals in the body, caused by high levels of uric acid in the blood.
Any of the genus Rumex of coarse weedy plants with small green flowers related to buckwheat, especially common dock, and used as potherbs and in folk medicine, especially in curing nettle rash.
An organism whose form has been affected by its environment.
A Hindu or Sikh spiritual teacher.
The thin, horny plate at the ends of fingers and toes on humans and some other animals.
A second crop of hay; aftermath.
A particular, minute unit of mass, defined differently for different substances, but so that varying substances of the same general type have the property that one international unit of the one has the same effect on the human body as one international unit of the other.
Reminiscent of pornography; somewhat pornographic.
A band passed under the belly of an animal, which holds a saddle or a harness saddle in place.
Any member of the family Gadidae of fish such as cod and pollack.
A binary chemical compound of oxygen with another chemical element.
(1950s slang) A teenager who imitated the beatniks.
The nest of a bird of prey.
A round, shapeless or amorphous lump, as of a semisolid substance.
A percussion instrument consisting of a metal disk that emits a sonorous sound when struck with a soft hammer.
The second letter of the Greek alphabet (Β,  β), preceded by alpha (Α,  α) and followed by gamma, (Γ,  γ). In modern Greek it represents the voiced labiodental fricative sound of v found in the English words have and vase.
To foreordain or predetermine, to make inevitable.
A chick; a young bird in the downy stage.
A class of plant growth substance (often called phytohormones or plant hormones) which play an essential role in coordination of many growth and behavioral processes in the plant life cycle.
A dessert made from ice cream frozen in a (generally spherical or hemispherical) mold.
A member of the class of animals Aves in the phylum Chordata, characterized by being warm-blooded, having feathers and wings usually capable of flight, and laying eggs.
A winning of all the tricks in the game of piquet, counting for forty points.
To praise; to make high.
A mill for grinding corn, especially a hand-mill made of two circular stones.
To make a false show or pretence of; to counterfeit or simulate.
To twist (a string, rope, or the like) around itself securely.
A pear-shaped plucked lute from China.
To regard with horror or detestation; to shrink back with shuddering from; to feel excessive repugnance toward; to detest to extremity; to loathe.
Goods or materials found or left on the sea floor, attached to a floating marker that indicates ownership.
To expel (one or more people) from their property; to force (one or more people) to move out.
Any reproductive structure, in some lichens and fungi, that produces spores.
Something designed to fool or swindle.
The joint between the upper arm and the forearm.
To mock, deride, scorn, scold, make fun of.
An element of a lineage, especially of a lineage given in the Bible
Something additional, such as an item above and beyond the ordinary school curriculum, or added to the usual charge on a bill.
To distribute among a number of recipients, to give out as one’s portion or share.
Continuance or a period of time spent in a place; abode for an indefinite time; sojourn.
A contagious disease of horses, resembling glanders
Pussy, vagina.
(of eyebrows or hair) Sleek and perfectly groomed or styled.
A percussive musical instrument spanned with a thin covering on at least one end for striking, forming an acoustic chamber, affecting what materials are used to make it; a membranophone.
A lake.
An exposition.
A wattlebird, Heteralocha acutirostris, endemic to New Zealand's North Island but extinct since the early twentieth century.
Anything transmitted by word of mouth, such as a fable, legend, narrative, story, or tale (especially a poetic tale).
To spend in idleness; to waste; to consume.
The boundary line of a surface.
A doorlike structure outside a house.
The molten rock ejected by a volcano from its crater or fissured sides.
Any of several fish of the family Sparidae; the sea bream.
A scornful or mocking remark; a jeer or mockery
A man who wields an axe.
Having prominent lips.
The dried kernel of the coconut, from which coconut oil is extruded.
Egregious.
Something that has an oblique or slanted position.
Something which has been filched or stolen.
A small argument; a quarrel.
Irritated, in a bad mood; disparaging.
A viscous, sweet fluid produced from plant nectar by bees. Often used to sweeten tea or to spread on baked goods.
A citrus fruit originating in East Asia, Citrus ichangensis x Citrus reticulata var. austera.
Feeling honoured (by something); feeling happy or satisfied about an event or fact; gratified.
To bring (something) into contact with the air, so as to freshen or dry it.
Suspended in the flies.
To make something (such as an object or message) go from one place to another.
The Labour Bureau; hence, unemployment benefits; the dole.
A dunce; a blockhead.
Ambergris, the waxy product of the sperm whale.
A rich, sweet dessert food, typically made of flour, sugar and eggs and baked in an oven, and often covered in icing.
A unit of currency in Georgia, one hundredth of a lari
Any of various medical instruments used to explore wounds, organs, etc.
(usually with up) To amplify.
A daughter of one’s sibling, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law; either the daughter of one's brother ("fraternal niece"), or of one's sister ("sororal niece").
A faint, harsh sound made in the throat.
To stir together.
An intellectually pretentious person; a poseur
A padded blanket.
A non-alcoholic carbonated beverage.
A coarse woolen fabric used for clothing.
The official currency of Sweden.
To enter information into a device, such as a keyboard or keypad, after it has been done at least once before.
An explosive mixture of nitroglycerine and nitrate absorbed onto a base of wood pulp.
A going; journey; travel; voyage; course; passage.
A man who is about to marry.
A large group of natural organic compounds, found in the soil, formed from the chemical and biological decomposition of plant and animal residues and from the synthetic activity of microorganisms
Any member of a mainly New World passerine bird family Troglodytidae; true wren.
Having a high tendency to melt.
(Manchester) An outer garment that covers the body from the waist downwards, covering each leg separately, usually as far as the ankles; trousers.
To shape a brittle material having conchoidal fracture, usually a mineral (flint, obsidian, chert etc.), by breaking away flakes, often forming a sharp edge or point.
A socially, ethnically, or politically cohesive group of people.
Very cold; icy or frosty.
Gonzo journalism or a journalist who produces such journalism.
A fillet, or garland for the head.
One fully skilled or well versed in anything; a proficient
A spike or point on an implement or tool, especially a prong of a fork or a tooth of a comb.
A tendon.
A stupid, foolish, or ridiculous person, especially a man.
A round metal platter used to serve food in India.
A pool of water, especially one below a waterfall.
A drink made from alcoholic liquor mixed with sugar, spice and hot water.
Superb, excellent, stunning.
Pervert
To lop.
A narrow channel between islands in Scotland.
The waste chips or shavings from an abrasive activity, such as metalworking, a saw cutting wood, or the use of a grindstone or whetstone.
A phonograph.
An assistant.
A grasp or grip.
Any of various types of tall stiff perennial grass-like plants growing together in groups near water.
Of, pertaining to, or having many pines
A hotchpotch, a mixture; especially a piece made up of quotations from other authors, or a poem containing individual lines from other poems.
A mark ⟨ ‸ ⟩ used by writers and proofreaders to indicate that something is to be inserted at that point.
One who urges.
Of or relating to fire.
The back of any animal; especially the upper or projecting part of the back of a quadruped.
A thin, small nail, with a slight projection at the top on one side instead of a head, or occasionally with a small domed head, similar to that of an escutcheon pin.
An Asian wild dog, Cuon alpinus.
To make affectedly precise or proper.
An omen; a foreshadowing.
To become conscious after having slept.
To make holes in (an object or surface).
A fine; a monetary penalty imposed for breaking the law.
Any plant of the labiate genus Thymus, such as the garden thyme, Thymus vulgaris, a warm, pungent aromatic, that is much used to give a relish to seasoning and soups.
To distribute in small amounts; to share out small portions of a meager resource.
To move:
A pronged connecting device which fits into a mating socket, especially an electrical one.
Any of the hereditary social classes and subclasses of South Asian societies.
That which flies, as a bird or insect.
Of or pertaining to play; playful.
A boast; an instance of vaunting.
Someone who or something that moves.
A rash or eruption; a sudden or transient fit of sickness.
Silly or scatterbrained, usually of a young woman.
An endangered nocturnal burrowing bird, Pterodroma cahow, from Bermuda; the Bermuda petrel.
Of a substance, slightly sticky.
An article of clothing worn over the front of the torso and/or legs for protection from spills; also historically worn by Freemasons and as part of women's fashion.
A large, flat piece of solid material; a solid object that is large and flat.
A red-brown resinous material, the dried sap of a tree of the species Commiphora myrrha.
A fine fiber excreted by the silkworm or other arthropod (such as a spider).
Tending to twine; twisting around.
Loose stony debris on a slope.
To drag or pull, especially forcibly.
Any (member) of several species of birds in the genera Aburria, Chamaepetes, Oreophasis, Penelope, Penelopina and Pipile, of the family Cracidae, limited to the Americas.
A cubbyhole or similar hiding place.
A small shield
A small parasitic wingless insect of the order Psocodea.
In various sports, a block that prevents an opponent from scoring.
The coarse, strong fiber of the East Indian plants, Corchorus olitorius and Corchorus capsularis, used to make mats, paper, gunny cloth etc.
A drawing showing technical details of a building, machine, etc., with unwanted details omitted, and often using symbols rather than detailed drawing to represent doors, valves, etc.
Mad; crazy
Sour, bitter, and harsh to the taste, as unripe fruit.
Characterized by heavy bass sounds.
Short and stout; low and wide
Plain or simple twilled fabric
To show grounds for concluding (that); to indicate, imply.
A strong, abrupt rush of wind.
To amaze, astonish, bewilder
One with an obsessive interest in something, particularly anime or manga.
An automobile.
To form a line; to fall into line.
A type of Asian ungulate ruminant, now defined as any of the four species of the genus Naemorhedus.
Any of three genera of large Asian ungulates belonging to the subfamily Caprinae (goat-antelopes).
The amine functional group.
A large broad-bladed knife.
In a dull manner; without liveliness; without lustre.
An alcoholic, often sparkling (carbonated) beverage made from fermented apples; hard cider; apple cider
The ridge over the eyes; the eyebrow.
Ontological.
A group or set of eight of something.
A large ruminant mammal, Okapia johnstoni, found in the rainforests of the Congo, related to the giraffe, but with a much shorter neck, a reddish brown coat and zebra-like stripes on its hindquarters.
To boast; to talk with excessive pride about what one has, is able to do, or has done; often as an attempt to popularize oneself.
A fine-grained homogeneous sedimentary rock composed of clay or volcanic ash which has been metamorphosed so that it cleaves easily into thin layers.
A baked case of dough with a sweet or savoury filling, popular in Eastern Europe.
Any of three species of genus Equus: E. grevyi, E. quagga, or E. zebra, all with black and white stripes and native to Africa.
Of, or relating to the area of the body adjacent to the pubis or the pubes.
To remain concealed in order to ambush.
A common type of Japanese dagger or knife. Alternative spelling of tantō
Musty; mouldy; slimy; mucous
One who, or that which, dries; a desiccative.
The refuse matter that remains after fruit, particularly grapes, has been pressed.
A group of Zulu (or other Bantu) warriors; a detachment of armed men.
A climbing plant which climbs by its shoots growing in a helix around a support (distinct from a vine, which climbs using tendrils or suckers).
An adult male human.
A traditional story which embodies a belief regarding some fact or phenomenon of experience, and in which often the forces of nature and of the soul are personified; a sacred narrative regarding a god, a hero, the origin of the world or of a people, etc.
The organic compound 3,5-dihydroxytoluene, found in many lichens and synthesizable from toluene.
To inure; to make accustomed or desensitized to something unpleasant due to constant exposure.
Australian desert marsupial (Macrotis lagotis), with distinctive large ears and approximately the size of a rabbit.
A dried stalk of a cereal plant.
Target sighted.
A pyromaniac
Merrily.
To become or remain attached; to adhere.
The act of granting; a bestowing or conferring; concession; allowance; permission.
To cover something with paving slabs.
A creature without feet
A pigmented, raised or otherwise abnormal area on the skin. Naevi may be congenital or acquired, and are always benign.
Beaver pelt
A jewel.
Agricultural labour; husbandry.
A fielding practice drill where a person hits fly balls intended to be caught.
A potato.
A settlement; an area with residential districts, shops and amenities, and its own local government; especially one larger than a village and smaller than a city.
A small mound or rounded hill.
A light boot, fitted with a blade, used for ice skating.
An elegantly dressed person.
Characterized by a high level of activity or gossip; in a buzz, buzzing.
One who robs others in a lawless area, especially as part of a group.
A blemish, spot or stain made by a coloured substance.
(authorship) A written composition of moderate length, exploring a particular issue or subject.
The punctuation mark ⟨,⟩ used to indicate a set off parts of a sentence or between elements of a list.
A daily log of experiences, especially those of the writer.
A president, especially of a college or university.
A grinding apparatus for substances such as grains, seeds, etc.
Any of various small freshwater ducks of the genus Anas that are brightly coloured and have short necks.
A fastener or a fastening method that secures parts by bending metal around a joint and squeezing it together, often with a tool that adds indentations to capture the parts.
A tool used to remove material so as to create a hole, typically by plunging a rotating cutting bit into a stationary workpiece.
An early stage of growth for some insects and amphibians, in which after hatching from their egg, insects are wingless and resemble a caterpillar or grub, and amphibians lack limbs and resemble fish.
To become cozy; (by extension) to become acquainted, comfortable, or familiar with.
A semi-detached house.
Lucky; fortunate; thriving; plump
To become wise.
Strong affection.
A rank in the classification of organisms, below family and above species; a taxon at that rank.
To combine multiple similar objects into one
Cereal plants, Oryza sativa of the grass family whose seeds are used as food.
A gas or vapour/vapor that is strong-smelling or dangerous to inhale.
At no time; on no occasion; in no circumstance.
A sac-shaped cell present in ascomycete fungi; it is a reproductive cell in which meiosis and an additional cell division produce eight spores.
A heavy artillery bombardment.
An act of groping, especially sexually.
To walk back and forth in a small distance.
Tachograph
A subgenre of hardcore techno characterised by an intense, distorted kick sound and controversial lyrics or samples.
A valley, gully, or stream bed in northern Africa and southwest Asia that remains dry except during the rainy season.
Sorrow, grief, misery or anguish.
A task, especially a difficult, unpleasant, or routine one.
A catkin or amentum.
Of necessity; necessarily; indispensably; used with an auxiliary verb (often must), and equivalent to "of need".
A payment or recompense made for services rendered or in recognition of some achievement; reward, deserts; award.
In a right triangle, the ratio of the length of the side opposite an angle to the length of the hypotenuse.
A small succulent fruit, of any one of many varieties.
An enclosure made of bars, normally to hold animals.
Like a wanker; foolish or objectionable.
Washed by the waves or tide (of a rock or strip of shore, or of an anchor, etc., when flush with the surface of the water, so that the waves break over it); covered with water.
The skeletal joint which connects the foot with the leg; the uppermost portion of the foot and lowermost portion of the leg, which contain this skeletal joint.
A percussive keyboard musical instrument, usually ranging over seven octaves, with white and black colored keys, played by pressing these keys, causing hammers to strike strings
The specific taste or smell of something.
Not apt, inappropriate, unsuited.
Any flowering plant of the genus Phlox.
Containing perceptible moisture (usually describing air or atmosphere); damp; moist; somewhat wet or watery.
An awkward, ungainly person.
Any substance which can flow with relative ease, tends to assume the shape of its container, and obeys Bernoulli's principle; a liquid, gas or plasma.
To have recourse (to) someone or something for assistance, support etc.
Any plant of the genus Papaver or the family Papaveraceae, with crumpled, often red, petals and a milky juice having narcotic properties; especially the common poppy or corn poppy (Papaver rhoeas) which has orange-red flowers; the flower of such a plant.
A Japanese poem in three lines, the first and last consisting of five morae, and the second consisting of seven morae, usually with an emphasis on the season or a naturalistic theme.
To take an examination a second time.
The dull thud of something landing on a surface.
To sew with long or loose stitches, as for temporary use, or in preparation for gathering the fabric.
Something from which other things extend; a foundation.
A bundle, twist, braid, or woven strip of cord, fabric, fibre/fiber, or other porous material in a candle, oil lamp, kerosene heater, or the like, that draws up liquid fuel, such as melted tallow, wax, or the oil, delivering it to the base of the flame for conversion to gases and burning; any other length of material burned for illumination in small successive portions.
To open something using a zipper.
The external covering at the top of a building.
A dish made from small pieces of meat or fish grilled on a skewer and served with a spicy peanut sauce, originating from Indonesia and Malaysia.
Pair, couple
A sharp edge or ridge formed by the intersection of two surfaces
Lean, angular and bony
A pipe, tube or canal which carries gas or liquid from one place to another.
A peasant.
A familiar form of address for a boy
A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.
An image, symbol, picture, or other representation usually as an object of religious devotion.
An insane or eccentric person; a crackpot.
Alternative spelling of gybe
The pubic hair.
A long-distance march carrying full kit.
A sea mammal (Orcinus orca) related to dolphins and porpoises, commonly called the killer whale.
An ancient Roman unit of volume in liquid measure consisting of six sextarii or one-eighth amphora (about 118 fluid ounces).
(stative) To perceive sounds through the ear.
One engaged in sport; a player; an actor.
Fart
An intense, blinding light.
A child.
A flock of mallards
A seemingly self-evident or necessary truth which is based on assumption; a principle or proposition which cannot actually be proved or disproved.
To uncover; to reveal.
A silk organza, a lightweight fabric with a plain weave.
A narrow ornamental fabric or braid of silk, wool, or cotton, often stiffened with metallic wire or coarse cord running through it, used as trimming for dresses, curtains, furniture, etc. Also guimpe.
Something hung up or spread out to hide or protect the face, or hide an object from view; usually of gauze, crepe, or similar diaphanous material.
A recurring or dominant element; a theme.
Not cut.
The Eurasian blackbird, Turdus merula.
An affirmative expression; an answer that shows agreement or acceptance.
A lid.
A blister, vesicle, or other thin-walled cavity or lesion.
A liminal point; the threshold of a physiological or psychological response.
One who dyes, especially one who dyes cloth etc. as an occupation.
A type of hotel or lodging establishment, often located near a major highway, which typically features a series of rooms the entrances of which are immediately adjacent to a parking lot to facilitate convenient access to automobiles parked there.
Having fame; famous or noted.
To measure.
To change place.
A king of Persia or Iran.
Shaped like an egg.
Pertaining to, or connected with, a fetus.
A quiet sound, particularly one from a baby bird.
To kill.
One of the large bodies of water separating the continents.
(of an animal) To pierce with the horn.
A support structure that connects the axle or the hub of a wheel to the rim.
Progressive rock.
The act of hunting.
A floccule; a soft or fluffy particle suspended in a liquid, or the fluffy mass of suspended particles so formed.
A marine gastropod of the family Strombidae which lives in its own spiral shell.
Of a student, to fail a class; to not pass.
A microfiche
A push from behind, as to one who is endeavoring to climb.
A military clergyman
Having the characteristics of pulp
A banknote with a value of five units of currency.
(Florida) A Hawaiian-style roofed patio.
The set of all words and phrases in a language; any unified subset of words from a particular language.
Flint.
A portion of something, especially a portion given or allotted to someone.
All animals or plants of the same species or subspecies.
The soft skin on each side of the face, below the eyes; the outer surface of the sides of the oral cavity.
Of or relating to the vagus nerve.
Of, relating to, or causing lysis
A lawyer or advocate mainly a representative in the court of law and a vakil can be a representative, especially of a political figure; an official or ambassador.
An underground railway.
The presiding cook in the kitchen of a large household.
A member of a mendicant Christian order such as the Augustinians, Carmelites (white friars), Franciscans (grey friars) or the Dominicans (black friars).
An adult female horse.
A flat disc of metal or stone thrown at a target in the game of quoits.
A spell or ability that restores hit points or removes a status ailment.
A tissue surrounding the seed in certain fruits such as pomegranates.
A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
Ascot tie
Polytechnic.
A sojourn.
One of a breed of Hungarian sheepdog with a distinctive thick, corded coat.
The sound of metal on metal, or glass on glass.
To prevent harm or difficulty.
A child who is regarded as mischievous, unruly, spoiled, or selfish.
The vomer bone; the small thin bone that forms part of the septum between the nostrils.
A senior official in a college or university, who may be in charge of a division or faculty (for example, the dean of science) or have some other advisory or disciplinary function (for example, the dean of students).
A convulsive fit of coughing or laughter; a sonorous indraft of breath; a whoop; a gasp of breath caused by laughing, coughing, or crying.
Having the smell, taste and texture of consumed game (meat).
The operation of deleting data.
The magpie.
A wicker basket.
Cyperus esculentus, a species of sedge native to warm temperate to subtropical regions of the Northern Hemisphere having small edible tubers (tiger nuts).
A bundle of neurons with their connective tissue sheaths, blood vessels and lymphatics.
Someone who has control over something or someone.
To deliberately take hold of; to grab or capture.
Used to express appreciation or gratitude.
The act of examining.
One of the chief divisions of a long poem; a book.
Any of a group of organic compounds including the fats, oils, waxes, sterols, and triglycerides. Lipids are characterized by being insoluble in water, and account for most of the fat present in the human body.
Any of the genus Ixia of cormous plants native to South Africa.
A person who serves as a subject for artwork or fashion, usually in the medium of photography but also for painting or drawing.
A kind of pastry in Armenia and some neighboring countries.
Expressed in silence; implied, but not made explicit; silent.
(usually childish) Father.
An amphibian, a kind of frog (order Anura) with shorter hindlegs and a drier, wartier skin, many in family Bufonidae.
A shallow deformation in the surface of an object, produced by an impact.
Any strepsirrhine primate of the infraorder Lemuriformes, superfamily Lemuroidea, native only to Madagascar and some surrounding islands.
A flame; fire; blaze.
Extremely angry; wrathful; enraged.
(sometimes derogatory) Someone who is bald.
A species of freshwater game fish, Tinca tinca.
A place on the coast at which ships can shelter, or dock to load and unload cargo or passengers.
A tenth.
Free postage, a right exercised by governments (usually with definite article).
Silly talk or writing; nonsense, silliness, or fake assertion(s).
An animal of the family Bovidae (such as the antelope, gazelle, goat, and sheep).
Tonicity; tone
A decree issued by a Muslim ruler.
A device, used to clip on a rope, that tightens when weight is applied, thus allowing the rope to be climbed.
Silent; speechless; dumb.
The top of a ridge.
The act of scudding.
(chiefly dialectal) To gather.
A corner, bend, or angle; a hollow
In the Church of England, the priest of a parish, receiving a salary or stipend but not tithes.
A clasp, especially a metal strap fastened by a padlock or a pin; also, a hook for fastening a door.
(heading) A pile.
A currency unit of Armenia, worth one hundredth of an Armenian dram.
The sixth defensive position, with the sword hand held at chest height, and the tip of the sword at eye level.
A mammal, Capra aegagrus hircus, and similar species of the genus Capra.
(US, Australia, New Zealand) A flattened portion of ground meat or a vegetarian equivalent, usually round but sometimes square in shape.
A male hybrid of a yak and a domesticated cow.
Any of three semistable mesons, having positive, negative or neutral charge, composed of up and down quarks/antiquarks.
A young female, or miss; as a term of mild disparagement, typically used jokingly or rebukingly.
A tree growth in which the grain has grown in a deformed manner.
Swollen or inflated in shape, as if filled with air; pillow-like.
(usually with on) To be weakly or foolishly fond of somebody.
A small salmon; a grilse; a sewin.
A small jar used to hold liquid, such as oil or water.
A small long and narrow boat, propelled by one or more people (depending on the size of canoe), using single-bladed paddles. The paddlers face in the direction of travel, in either a seated position, or kneeling on the bottom of the boat. Canoes are open on top, and pointed at both ends.
A prod, jab, or thrust.
A nest of pheasants.
A circular frill or ruffle on a garment, especially a starched, fluted frill at the neck in Elizabethan and Jacobean England (1560s–1620s).
Toasted bread.
A celebrity; a famous person.
A thighbone.
A kitten or young cat.
Very small.
A kind of mountain gazelle, native to Arabia.
A loud sound, or a succession of loud sounds, as of bells, thunder, cannon, shouts, laughter, of a multitude, etc.
Freight carried by a ship, aircraft, or motor vehicle.
Expression of shock and alarm.
A knitted garment.
A perennial bulb lily found in Western North America, the Calochortus nuttallii, which has trumpet-shaped flowers.
(plural: data) A measurement of something on a scale understood by both the recorder (a person or device) and the reader (another person or device). The scale is arbitrarily defined, such as from 1 to 10 by ones, 1 to 100 by 0.1, or simply true or false, on or off, yes, no, or maybe, etc.
One of the main three types used for the Latin alphabet (the others being italics and blackletter), in which the ascenders are mostly straight.
To turn about the vertical axis while maintaining course.
One of a breed of small Highland cattle.
None whatsoever
A large polygonal recess in a building, such as a bay window, forming a protrusion on the outer wall.
To stare or gape stupidly.
A quick, brilliant, and highly successful act.
Someone not a party to a case who submits a brief and/or presents oral argument in that case.
From or relating to a previous era.
The hair of the sheep, llama and some other ruminants.
A strong tide or current, especially in a narrow channel.
An article of clothing, usually worn by women and girls, that hangs from the waist and covers the lower part of the body.
To carry or bear.
A (usually disastrous) overflow of water from a lake or other body of water due to excessive rainfall or other input of water.
A circle of light; a halo.
A wolf.
An invisible being of the air.
To excel; go beyond in performance; surpass.
A dark brown pigment made from the secretions of the cuttlefish.
A mythical beast in European mythology and heraldry, usually portrayed as an antelope- or goat-like four-legged creature with large horns that it can swivel in any direction.
An enthusiastic review (such as of a play).
Sorrow, grief.
To withdraw, retract (something said).
An item of food eaten with rice.
Any cup- or bowl-shaped tool, usually with a handle, used to lift and move loose or soft solid material.
A human being, whether man, woman or child.
A device for punishment. See bilboes.
To impose and collect a tax from (a person or company).
Any of various mosquitoes of the genus Culex, some of which carry disease.
A hit or strike with one's fist.
The act of cooking food by baking.
To cross from one side to another of (gender, sex or something in that vein).
A cathartic drug consisting of the tuberous roots of Ipomoea purga, a convolvulaceous plant found in Mexico.
To give a gratuity to.
(auxiliary verb, defective) To know how to; to be able to.
A baby’s bed with high, often slatted, often moveable sides, suitable for a child who has outgrown a cradle or bassinet.
An unpleasant or disgusting (scuzzy) person
The short thick digit of the hand that for humans has the most mobility and can be made to oppose (moved to touch) all of the other fingers.
The official currency of Nigeria, which replaced the pound in 1973; the principal denomination of the currency, equal to 100 kobo.
A narcotics squad police officer.
Colocasia esculenta, raised as a food primarily for its corm, which distantly resembles potato.
(Muslim demonology) A genie and descendant of the jann, normally invisible to the human eye, but who may also appear in animal or human form, equivalent to demons in Jewish demonology.
A soft, white, powdery limestone.
Morning.
A spring of fresh water, surrounded by a fertile region of vegetation, in a desert.
Condensed water falling from a cloud.
One who labors hard and lives meanly; a mean fellow.
Powder used in laser printers and photocopiers to form the text and images on the printed paper.
The act or result of stirring (moving around the particles of a liquid etc.)
The cardinal number occurring after fifty-nine and before sixty-one, represented in Roman numerals as LX and in Arabic numerals as 60.
A headdress worn by men in India, comprising a several-metre-long band of fabric wound around the head.
The manner in which something is swung.
Boyfriend
Sorghum
Any of several species of North American desert plants of the genus Dasylirion, of the asparagus family.
The act by which something is flouted; violation of a law.
A high-ranking Turkish military officer, especially as a commander or regional governor; the highest honorary title during the Ottoman Empire.
An obelisk or upright stone pillar, usually as a primitive commemoration or gravestone
The sea.
Rock that is ground more finely than gravel, but is not as fine as silt (more formally, see grain sizes chart), forming beaches and deserts and also used in construction.
The short, loud, explosive sound uttered by a dog, a fox, and some other animals.
To gain (success, reward, recognition) through applied effort or work.
A suggestion about a course of action.
A steep crag or cliff, especially one with overhanging sides
A store of things that may be required in the future, which can be retrieved rapidly, protected or hidden in some way.
(obsolete outside dialectal) The holly.
A portal of entry into a building, room, or vehicle, consisting of a rigid plane movable on a hinge. Doors are frequently made of wood or metal. May have a handle to help open and close, a latch to hold the door closed and a lock that ensures the door cannot be opened without the key.
A murmuring sound; rushing, rustling, or whistling sound.
An easy pace with long strides.
A staff or truncheon, used for various purposes
To cover with a thin layer of gold; to cover with gold leaf.
To fix again.
To play on a lute, or as if on a lute.
(chiefly plural) The thick, dangling upper lip of certain breeds of dog, or the canine equivalent of the upper lip.
Any of the free-swimming tunicates of the order Salpida and its single family Salpidae.
(used in street names) A road, street, or similar thoroughfare.
A polyester film.
A bicycle or motorcycle trick where the front wheel is lifted off the ground while riding
A jump that includes one (or more than one) complete turn and a half turn while in the air.
An icicle.
A perennial plant, Allium schoenoprasum, related to the onion.
To cause to be more lively, or to become more lively.
A sharp pinch or jerk; a twist or twitch.
A cattle-fort; a building used to shelter cattle.
A unit of liquid capacity equal to two pints; one-fourth (quarter) of a gallon. Equivalent to 1.136 liters in the UK and 0.946 liter (liquid quart) or 1.101 liters (dry quart) in the U.S.
To do or say something for amusement rather than seriously.
(except in generalized senses below) A crowbar.
An osier basket, such as anglers use to hold fish.
A percussive instrument made of metal or other hard material, typically but not always in the shape of an inverted cup with a flared rim, which resonates when struck.
A sharp blow with something hard.
Senses relating to a thin, pointed object.
Any of a series of univalent radicals of the general formula CnH2n+1 derived from aliphatic hydrocarbons.
To request (information, or an answer to a question).
A leaf or leaf-like structure from the axil out of which a stalk of a flower or an inflorescence arises.
An indication of astonishment or admiration.
A knitted or woven covering for the foot.
Nardostachys jatamansi, a flowering plant of the valerian family that grows in the Himalayas, used as a perfume, an incense, a sedative, and an herbal medicine.
A lash; a pliant, flexible instrument, such as a rod (commonly of cane or rattan) or a plaited or braided rope or thong (commonly of leather) used to create a sharp "crack" sound for directing or herding animals.
An old musical note, equal to two longas, four breves, or eight semibreves.
(Commonwealth of Nations except Canada) A cup of tea (or sometimes any hot drink).
Penniless, poor, impecunious, broke.
A journey in circuit of certain itinerant judges called justices in eyre (or in itinere).
A person whose lifestyle is centered on motorcycles, sometimes a member of a motorcycle club.
A cutting tool similar to scissors, but often larger.
To gain (success, reward, recognition) through applied effort or work.
A cubic curve.
A light meal usually eaten around midday, notably when not as main meal of the day.
To make a woofing sound.
Slender and long of limb; lanky
The traditional dress of women in the Indian Subcontinent; an outer garment consisting of a single length of cotton or silk, most often with one end wrapped around the waist to form a skirt, the other draped over the shoulder or head.
The point that stands backward in an arrow, fishhook, etc., to prevent it from being easily extracted. Hence: Anything which stands out with a sharp point obliquely or crosswise to something else.
A Jew.
Any of several non-flammable refrigerants based on halogenated hydrocarbon including R-12, R-22, and R-23.
A coin worth one-tenth of a U.S. dollar.
A strong dark beer brewed in the fall and aged through the winter for spring consumption.
Reed (of a loom)
A thin, soft muslin.
The handle of a sword, consisting of grip, guard, and pommel, designed to facilitate use of the blade and afford protection to the hand.
One of an order of priests among certain groups of Celts before the adoption of Abrahamic religions.
A stupid or obnoxious person.
Bottom
A wash, an act of washing.
The external female sexual organs, collectively.
A red, acidic dye commonly used in histological stains.
The basic monetary unit of Kazakhstan; subdivided into tiyin.
A hooligan, lout.
To dress up or decorate in a showy way
An Australian aboriginal.
A tern.
(heading) to make a non-linear physical movement.
Agent noun of fix; one who, or that which, fixes.
Silly or scatterbrained, usually of a young woman.
A woman's lightweight triangular scarf worn over the shoulders and tied in front, or tucked into a bodice to cover the exposed part of the neck and chest.
To render dull; to remove or blunt an edge or something that was sharp.
One who, or a device that, mixes or merges things together.
To supply with, or enclose in, a tube.
A person who practices mimicry, or mime.
The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one.
A soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter.
Someone who guides, especially someone hired to show people around a place or an institution and offer information and explanation.
A hoisting device, such as pulley or crane.
(of a fish) Having one or more fins.
A monster preying upon human beings and who sucked the blood of children, often described as having the head and breasts of a woman and the lower half of a serpent.
A tent or other building made from animal skins, used by the Inuit during the summer.
To feel joy, to rejoice.
Consisting of or resembling a wisp; like a slender, flexible strand or bundle.
To pay, give in payment; repay, recompense; reward; requite.
An artificial phallus (penis) for sexual use.
A fetish or charm believed by West Africans to have magical or supernatural powers.
To cause to float with the tide; to drive or carry with the tide or stream.
A three-terminal electronic component that conducts current in either direction when triggered; a bidirectional triode thyristor.
(often in the plural) bitch, girl, woman, especially one that is promiscuous
(geodesy) The shape that the surface of the oceans of the Earth would take under the influence of the Earth's gravity and rotation alone, extending also through the continents, disregarding other factors such as winds and tides; that is, a surface of constant gravitational potential at zero elevation.
House
A living creature.
To attract by temptation etc.; to entice
Thread or cloth made from flax fiber.
The main tower of a castle or fortress, located within the castle walls.
A utensil or a tool designed for cutting, consisting of a flat piece of hard material, usually steel or other metal (the blade), usually sharpened on one edge, attached to a handle. The blade may be pointed for piercing.
Merry; happy.
A hypothetical object extending across a number of (often specified) spatial dimensions, with strings in string theory seen as one-dimensional examples.
Intention; intent; aim.
Something which is limp or sagging
To form (something) by combining materials or parts.
An upright open container used mainly for displaying fresh, dried, or artificial flowers.
The act of wilting or the state of being wilted.
A long dowel or plank protruding from the ground; a fencepost; a lightpost.
State; order, estate, rank, degree, or quality.
The act of cutting or carving something; a stroke or slice.
A double curve in the shape of an elongated S; an object of that shape
Savvy; street-smart; in the know.
A loose filmy mass or a thin chiplike layer of anything
A country estate, farm or ranch in Spain or Hispanic America.
The vena cava.
A quick hostile or predatory incursion or invasion in a battle.
Euphemism of damn.
A dull, yellowish-brown colour, the colour of dust.
A small particle; a speck.
A percussion instrument consisting of a metal disk that emits a sonorous sound when struck with a soft hammer.
A sharp, hooked claw of a bird of prey or other predatory animal.
Nerve, spunk, strength of character.
The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound.
Joint sovereignty over a territory by two or more countries.
A colour like that of chocolate or coffee.
The thick semifluid mass of partly digested food that is passed from the stomach to the duodenum.
A poorhouse, workhouse, welfare office, charity hostel, etc.
A female elf, a fairy, nymph; (by extension) any elf.
A covered and enclosed entrance to a building, whether taken from the interior, and forming a sort of vestibule within the main wall, or projecting without and with a separate roof.
A tax; tribute.
A set of principles of right and wrong behaviour guiding, or representative of, a specific culture, society, group, or individual.
To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.
A bibcock.
The immature young of a marsupial, notably a junior kangaroo, but also a young wallaby, koala, etc.
A situation in which the king is directly threatened by an opposing piece.
A very thin sheet of metal.
An outhouse or lavatory: a place used for urination and defecation.
High, tall, having great height or stature
A mining excavation in the form of a terrace of steps.
Any of various black and white African weaverbirds with distinctive drooping long tailfeathers on males in mating season, suitable as cage birds.
An agent or substitute authorized to act for another person.
To play music on (a stringed) instrument using a bow.
Like pap; soft; mushy.
A chained iron collar once used in churches to expose sinners to public scorn
A noxious or corroding worry.
An organism that is not an animal, especially an organism capable of photosynthesis. Typically a small or herbaceous organism of this kind, rather than a tree.
Any major regional biological community such as that of forest or desert
A tool used to manipulate logs, having a thick wooden handle, a steel point, and a curved hooked arm. Similar to a cant-hook, but shorter and stouter, and with a pointed end.
An act of wading.
Made of oats
The opening of a creature through which food is ingested.
A Brazilian ballroom dance or dance style.
To cause someone to become accustomed to something (usually) unpleasant.
Filled with smoke.
Any of several evergreen shrubs, of the genus Vinca, including the periwinkle
A small donkey
A coil or loop of something, especially twine, yarn, or rope.
An auxiliary jet engine in a detachable unit that provides extra power for the takeoff of an aircraft
In the Standard Model, an elementary subatomic particle that forms matter. They combine to form hadrons, such as protons and neutrons.
An evil spell or curse.
A yellowish citrus fruit.
A wandering homeless person, especially one illegally travelling by rail or a penniless, unemployed bum.
A young cow or bull.
A freshwater and marine fish of the family Centropomidae in the order Perciformes.
A general strike, shutdown, or other form of protest used in South Asia in which a substantial portion of the population stays home and does not report to work.
A long walk.
To tire, weary or fatigue
A fur hat, usually with a plume in the front, worn by certain members of the military or brass bands.
The details of the food to be served at a banquet; a bill of fare.
Grandfather.
Any of several Old World nocturnal, carnivorous mammals, of the genus Genetta in the family Viverridae, most of which have a spotted coat and a long, ringed tail.
The male ruler of a barony.
An area or expanse.
A loud, hard sound of metal hitting metal.
A robot, especially one made with some physical resemblance to a human.
To eject; to expel.
A type of horse jump with two rails that may be set even or uneven.
A small closet or enclosure built against a window on the inner side, to sit in for study.
A flight feather that appears between the primaries and secondaries on some birds.
A competitive sporting event such as a boxing meet, a baseball game, or a cricket match.
To swindle someone by not paying a debt, especially a gambling debt.
The back side of a flat object which is to be examined visually, as for reading, such as a sheet, leaf, coin or medal;
Madhuca longifolia, an Indian tropical tree.
A small ship's boat, usually rowed by four or six oars.
Something that is extraordinary: often troublesome, difficult or problematic, but sometimes extraordinary in a positive sense.
Pouring with rain; wet; showery
A ghost or spirit, often appearing in the form of a dog barking or howling through the night.
The open pasture land or grassland of South Africa and neighboring countries.
A thin membrane, resembling a veil, such as:
A musical part or section higher than tenor and lower than soprano, formerly the part that performed a countermelody above the tenor or main melody.
Fun, especially through enjoyable company, a pleasant conversation.
Details.
Not hip; uncool, unfashionable.
Metal formed into a thin, even thread, now usually by being drawn through a hole in a steel die.
(exercise) A gluteal muscle.
A fretless string instrument used mainly in Indian classical music.
A large tree, Ochroma pyramidale, native to tropical America, with wood that is very light in weight.
From here, from this place, away
A public gathering or mass meeting that is not mainly a protest and is organized to inspire enthusiasm for a cause.
A fairy that supposedly appears in animal form, often large.
An alcoholic beverage made from fermenting various forms of rice, usually with an ABV similar to wine.
To plunder, pillage, assault.
A fragment of rock that was broken from a larger rock or rock unit.
Any bird of the genus Junco, which includes several species of North American sparrow.
To silence.
A Japanese unit of areal measure, roughly 3.3 m2 or 35.5 ft2, equivalent to the area of two tatami mats.
A small musical group.
Any of various former Asian coins, including: a coin of Portuguese India equal to 1/10th of a Rupee, a gold coin of India issued by various Muslim rulers, a silver coin of India, also issued by Muslim rulers, a former silver coin of Tibet.
Somewhat lop; inclined to lop.
The call to prayer, which originally consisted of simply four takbirs followed by the statement لَا إِلٰهَ إِلَّا ٱلله (أَشْهَدُ أَنْ).
A ruler over various Turkish, Tatar and Mongol peoples in the Middle Ages.
Ability to do or undergo something.
Something complete, without any parts missing.
A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of an Icelandic króna
A prefecture or unit of regional government in Greece.
A covered passageway, especially one connecting the transept of a cathedral or monastery to the chapter house.
A wild hook shot played without style.
A Gypsy.
Any smell, whether fragrant or offensive.
An English person or person of English ancestry.
(stative) to be; have existence; have being or reality
To remove an impediment that obstructs the passage of (someone or something).
Of, pertaining to, or constructed of turf.
A roadside cafe or bar, especially one with dancing and sometimes prostitution.
The curve of a cumulative distribution function.
The central, enclosed part of an ancient temple, as distinguished from the open porticos.
A short-sleeved blouse worn under a sari; an Indian underbodice.
Mud from the thermal springs at Battaglia in Italy, used to treat certain medical complaints such as gout and rheumatism.
An illegal immigrant of any country.
A dog of a breed having a small body, short legs and fox-like features.
A fencer's practice foil with a soft tip.
(now chiefly in placenames) A group of houses standing together in the country; a hamlet; a village.
A tall, narrow, single-headed Cuban hand drum of African origin
A proposal that has been made.
The treating of a person or people, especially youth or seniors, differently from others based on assumptions or stereotypes relating to their age.
Offering nothing that is stimulating or challenging.
A starch or jelly made out of plants in the Orchidaceae family, such as the early-purple orchid (Orchis mascula).
A communist.
Any of several plants of the genus Aster; one of its flowers.
Relenting; forbearance to cause or allow harm to another.
A mental or emotional state, composure.
A pus-filled swelling on the surface on the skin caused by an eruptive disease.
The official currency of Myanmar.
A strong feeling of anxiety.
A term of respect for a white European or other person of rank in colonial India.
An extremely toxic nerve agent; a clear, tasteless liquid, molecular formula C5H11N2O2P.
A natural or innate talent or aptitude.
A frequency or rate.
(interrogative) That or those of whom or belonging to whom.
The middle of the three concentric layers that make up the eye; it is pigmented and vascular, and comprises the choroid, the ciliary body, and the iris.
Someone who takes part in a race.
Any of several species of large sea mammals of the infraorder Cetacea.
Of or pertaining to the ilium.
Lieutenant
A sudden or irregular incursion in border warfare; hence, any irregular incursion for war or spoils; a raid.
Spoken out loud.
The summit of a hill or mountain ridge.
To pay (a debt, fine etc.).
A thief; a rascal or scoundrel.
A thief; a rascal or scoundrel.
A contest between people, animals, vehicles, etc. where the goal is to be the first to reach some objective. Example: Several horses run in a horse race, and the first one to reach the finishing post wins
Any of various parrots of the genera Ara, Anodorhynchus, Cyanopsitta, Orthopsittaca, Primolius and Diopsittaca of Central and South America, including the largest parrots and characterized by long sabre-shaped tails, curved powerful bills, and usually brilliant plumage.
The red panda (Ailurus fulgens), a small raccoon-like animal of northeast Asia with reddish fur and a long, ringed tail.
Of or designating a solution that contains one mole of solute per 1000g of solvent
Nasty, dirty, disgusting, foul, revolting, yucky, grotesque.
A bird.
To lay or place; to put (one thing to another)
A source of inspiration.
Of or relating to tones or tonality.
A sandbank or sandbar creating a shallow.
A bright purple synthetic dye.
The trilled sound made by an insect.
To play the game of golf.
(of a voice) Hoarse and rough-sounding.
To remove fat from a material, especially by the use of solvents
A harmonic set of three or more notes that is heard as if sounding simultaneously.
A bottom-feeding freshwater fish in the superfamily or suborder Cobitoidea.
A shedding of tears; the act of crying.
People of a church who are not ordained clergy or clerics.
The optical analogue of radar, using intense pulses of laser light to measure the composition and structure of the atmosphere.
To incite; to drive onward.
Any of many isomeric univalent hydrocarbon radicals, C6H13, formally derived from hexane by the loss of a hydrogen atom
A kind of slow bodily wasting or emaciating disease, often accompanying a chronic disease.
Bare, not covered by clothing.
Any of several plants of the tribe Cassieae, especially those of the genera Cassia and Senna, whose leaves and pods are used as a purgative and laxative.
The cloth skullcap or yarmulke traditionally worn by male Jews.
The state of enlightenment that finally ends the cycle of death and rebirth and leads to nirvana.
To make such a sound.
A decorative border around a picture used to inset and center the contents of a frame.
Fine particles
An impure type of corundum, often used for sanding or polishing.
A European bird, Corvus frugilegus, of the crow family.
The wine (mostly red) of that region
Mother
A song incorporating yodelling.
A large African antelope (Addax nasomaculatus), with long horns, that lives in the desert.
To make dizzy or unsteady.
To hone or rub on with some substance, as a piece of stone, for the purpose of sharpening – see whetstone.
A youth detention centre.
(ditransitive) To give a name to.
Any of several animals related to Equus ferus caballus.
Containing, composed of, or consisting of fat.
A marinade made from various aromatic spices usually with a yoghurt base; often used in Indian cuisine prior to grilling in a tandoor.
Words or a formula supposed to have magical powers.
Aggravation; bother.
A dull old fellow; a person behind the times, over-conservative, or slow.
An inner surface with a crust of tiny crystals.
A Hindu religious festival; loosely, a South Asian fair.
A confidence game or swindle.
Wellington boot.
(except in derivatives) air, the air; the sky, the heavens.
Something contrived or artificial.
A sour substance.
The outermost whorl of flower parts, comprising the sepals, which covers and protects the petals as they develop.
A floating mote or speck of dust.
A looping of a piece of string or of any other long, flexible material that cannot be untangled without passing one or both ends of the material through its loops.
To squeeze or twist (something) tightly so that liquid is forced out. See also wring out.
A short prayer or petition including the phrase kyrie eleison, meaning “Lord, have mercy”.
The series of bones situated at the back from the head to the pelvis of a person, or from the head to the tail of an animal; backbone, vertebral column.
Dough made from wheat and water and sometimes mixed with egg and formed into various shapes; often sold in dried form and typically boiled for eating.
A curry made from various spices especially coriander and cumin; and often with yoghurt sauce or nuts.
A poker machine. Mostly used in the plural (pokies). Poker machine is the standard term used in the singular.
A thick oily substance, secreted by the sebaceous glands of the skin, that consists of fat, keratin and cellular debris.
A warm dry wind blowing down the north sides of the Alps, especially in Switzerland.
Similar to, or tasting like beef.
A large, crepuscular, semiaquatic rodent (Myocastor coypus) resembling a large rat, having bright orange-yellow incisors, native to South America and introduced to Europe, Asia and North America, valued for its fur in eastern Europe and central Asia and considered a pest elsewhere.
(usually in the plural) A randomly selected target.
Motivation to do or achieve something; ability coupled with ambition.
Smoky haze in the air.
A large organ in the body that stores and metabolizes nutrients, destroys toxins and produces bile. It is responsible for thousands of biochemical reactions.
Slit in a tire to drain away surface water and improve traction.
To tell tales; to gossip without reserve or discretion.
Any large piece of timber or iron long in proportion to its thickness, and prepared for use.
A loose, informal Japanese coat normally decorated with a distinctive crest.
To recite the Jewish liturgy; to pray
A light meal.
Something wound in the form of a helix or spiral.
A small enclosed structure, often freestanding, open on one side or with a window, used as a booth to sell newspapers, cigarettes, etc.
The top or highest point; pinnacle; culmination.
To prepare or dress, as hemp, by beating; to tew.
Moisture; humidity; dampness.
(demonstrative) The thing, person, idea, quality, event, action or time indicated or understood from context, especially if more remote geographically, temporally or mentally than one designated as "this", or if expressing distinction.
A woodland creature with pointed ears, legs, and short horns of a goat and a fondness for unrestrained revelry.
A theoretical unit of heredity of living organisms; a gene may take several values and in principle predetermines a precise trait of an organism's form (phenotype), such as hair color.
A bass singer, especially in opera.
The (often spherical) end of the head of a hammer opposite the main hammering end.
An excavation in the earth as a place of burial
The act of warming, or the state of being warmed; a heating.
An evil supernatural spirit.
(often followed by up) To stop sleeping.
Bloody (used as a mild intensifier).
A defensive fortification work in the shape of a V.
A dish made by browning grain, typically rice, in oil and then cooking it with a seasoned broth, to which meat and/or vegetables may be added.
A (normally) complete range.
To bear; to endure; to tolerate.
An abject, cowardly person who submits tamely to others.
An image made in the skin with ink and a needle.
A legally or socially binding conceptual contract of entitlement to wealth, void of intrinsic value, payable for all debts and taxes, and regulated in supply.
To exclaim ooh.
A basket.
A tool for chopping.
Sickly; peaked.
Slightly drunk, fuddled, staggering, foolish as a result of drinking alcoholic beverages
A cloth woven from silk, nylon or polyester with a glossy surface and a dull back. (The same weaving technique applied to cotton produces cloth termed sateen).
A garment worn over the torso, with or without sleeves, and of various lengths reaching from the hips to the ankles.
Narcotics.
An alloy coating made of lead and tin (or, more recently, zinc and tin) and used to cover steel.
To throw (an opponent) using this technique.
A rocky outcrop; a rugged steep rock or cliff.
A sticky, milky fluid produced in male reproductive organs that contains the reproductive cells.
The pesticide and fire retardant perchloropentacyclodecane, which is a persistent organic pollutant.
A Hebrew nikud vowel sign written as two vertical dots beneath a letter, indicating either the phoneme /ə/ or the complete absence of a vowel.
A brief high-pitched sound, as from some electronic device.
A pouch or cavity in any organ or tissue, especially the paranasal sinus.
Of the colour blue.
The wealthy or privileged, contrasted to those who are poor or deprived: the have nots.
A cunning or mischievous trick; a prank, a joke.
To emit one or more bleeps.
One who is not married; a bachelor or a spinster.
Heroin.
Something that is immoral or not good.
Dirt; foul matter; that which soils or defiles.
A knurl.
A lesbian who appears masculine or acts in a masculine manner.
A toilet
Any of various marine food fish, of the genus Molva, resembling the cod.
(often with of, typically of adverse results) The source of, or reason for, an event or action; that which produces or effects a result.
A priestly apron, or breastplate, described in the Bible in Exodus 28: vi - xxx, which only the chief priest of ancient Israel was allowed to wear.
The act of chewing; mastication with the mouth.
One of the ridges commonly found on the fruit of umbelliferous plants.
A hard, calcareous structure present in the mouth of many vertebrate animals, generally used for eating.
A motor vehicle for transporting goods, and in some cases people; a truck.
An utterance of the interjection vivat.
A mixture of two or more things.
A merchant or trader.
To sleep lightly or briefly; to nap, snooze.
A globular structural protein that polymerizes in a helical fashion to form an actin filament (or microfilament).
To correct and revise (text or a document).
An incident of bleeding, as in haemophilia.
A noxious mixture of particulates and gases that is the result of urban air pollution.
A round or irregular patch on the surface of a thing having a different color, texture etc. and generally round in shape.
An arm or inlet of the sea; a river estuary.
A slightly curved but almost flat dish from which food is served or eaten.
Having the characteristics of a man.
To plunder, pillage, rob, pirate, or remove.
To incur a charge of; to require payment of a (specified) price.
An edible fruit produced by the pear tree, similar to an apple but elongated towards the stem.
A jelly or gel
A shrub of the genus Rosa, with red, pink, white or yellow flowers.
A striped bovine mammal found in Africa, Tragelaphus eurycerus.
A varicose, i.e. swollen and knotted, vein
The middle bone of the proximal series of the carpus in the wrist, which is shaped like a half-moon.
Something, generally a device, for which one does not know the proper term.
Of, pertaining to, or containing the element boron.
To trouble aggressively, to harass.
To put (something) in a place where it will be harder to discover or out of sight.
The middle layer of the wall of a blood vessel or lymph vessel which is composed of connective and muscular tissue.
A smartly dressed person who trades in illicit, black-market or stolen goods.
To use a needle to pass thread repeatedly through (pieces of fabric) in order to join them together.
The portion of the head of a golf club to which the shaft of the club attaches.
A small corner formed by two walls; an alcove.
Unimpressed with something because of over-familiarity.
To throw.
To let in; admit.
To flow back or recede
To place inside a box; to pack in one or more boxes.
An extremely ugly person.
The Tibetan antelope, Pantholops hodgsonii.
A doll.
An Indian oil lamp, usually made from clay, with a cotton wick dipped in ghee or vegetable oil.
Any of a class of aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a ring of four carbon atoms, two double bonds and an oxygen atom; especially the simplest one, C4H4O.
A wheeled vehicle, generally drawn by horse power.
Hydroelectric power
(usually in the plural) A plebeian, a member of the lower class of Roman citizens.
Grown.
A coniferous tree, of genus Larix, having deciduous leaves, in fascicles.
To suppose, imagine; to think, believe.
A Chinese green tea.
An animal character with human-like characteristics; most commonly refers to such characters created by members of the furry subculture.
Someone who dives, especially as a sport.
The joint made by welding.
A sudden, usually noisy expulsion of air from the lungs, often involuntary.
A saline evaporite, consisting of mixture of sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate, Na3HCO3CO3·2H2O.
The result of launching a projectile or bullet.
(of a landscape) Abundant in hills; having many hills.
In company; together.
An English unit of land area (symbol: a. or ac.) originally denoting a day's plowing for a yoke of oxen, now standardized as 4,840 square yards or 4,046.86 square meters.
A long, often knitted, garment worn around the neck.
One or more very small, short bursts of light.
An enclosed piece of land, usually small and arable and used for small-scale food production, and often with a dwelling next to it; in particular, such a piece of land rented to a farmer (a crofter), especially in Scotland, together with a right to use separate pastureland shared by other crofters.
(blasting) To plug up with clay, earth, dry sand, sod, or other material, as a hole bored in a rock.
A South African shrub in the genus Agathosma.
(often capitalized) An Aspergerian: a person with Asperger’s syndrome.
An order or factor of ten.
Wow: an indication of surprise, excitement, or amazement.
In a sly manner, cunningly.
Downy; fluffy
A type of coarse cotton fabric covered in many small raised loops that is used to make towels, bathrobes and some types of nappy/diaper.
A composition adapted to sacred words in the elaborate polyphonic church style; an anthem.
A motherless calf in a range herd of cattle; a calf separated from its cow.
A metal rod used in the glassblowing process. After a glass vessel has been blown to approximate size and the bottom of the piece has been finalized, the rod, which is tipped with a wad of hot glass, is attached to the bottom of the vessel to hold it while the top is finalized. It often leaves an irregular or ring-shaped scar on the base when removed called the "pontil mark".
A long time (especially a longer time than expected); ages
The fruit of the oak, being an oval nut growing in a woody cup or cupule.
Endorsement; approval.
A certain species of Astragalus or Oxytropis, capable of causing locoism.
An administrative official at universities in several European countries, often with a policiary function at the time when universities had their own jurisdiction over students.
A member of a heya ("stable"); trained by its shisho
A woman, especially older woman.
A municipal bond.
A pointed end, often sharp, abruptly terminating an organ, such as a projection at the tip of a leaf; the posterior tip of a cuttlebone; or the distal part of the furcula in Collembola.
A stone fruit.
To cry "hollo"
(stative) To perceive sounds through the ear.
A textile fabric with a nap or shag on one side, longer and softer than the nap of velvet.
A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.
Having characteristics of a fad.
A man-made landing place for ships on a shore or river bank.
Redolent of dill (the herb).
To place something somewhere.
A person not adhering to a main world religion; a follower of a pantheistic or nature-worshipping religion.
The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)
A person who wishes to be seen as a member of the upper classes and who looks down on those perceived to have inferior or unrefined tastes.
To silence, to make quiet.
To open the mouth wide, especially involuntarily, as in a yawn, anger, or surprise.
The two anterior of the four lobes on the dorsal side of the midbrain of most mammals; the anterior optic lobes.
Destitute of any vestige of organic life, or at least of animal life
Remarkably bad; of poor quality, dirty, or underhanded; mean, contemptible.
A map.
A line extended down from the end of a yard or a gaff, used to regulate its position
An unintelligent person.
To twist or become twisted, physically or mentally:
A dull, fairly quick explosive or percussive sound, as if made by a labouring engine.
A spar between mast and upper outer corner of a spritsail on sailing boats.
A waft; a brief, gentle breeze; a light gust of air
To transport by drawing or pulling, as with horses or oxen, or a motor vehicle.
A short flash of light.
The evergreen shrub Juniperus sabina, endemic to Europe, which yields a medicinal oil.
Somewhat drunk; tipsy.
Carbohydrate
A group of people congregated or collected into a close body without order.
To beat, to strike.
A male member of a monastic order who has devoted his life for religious service.
A small hermetically sealed vial, often used to contain a sterile solution suitable for injection.
One who hews.
Moving around; astir.
A piece of hard candy on a stick; a lollipop.
A substance obtained from the wool of sheep, consisting largely of potash mixed with fatty and earthy matters.
A blood vessel that transports blood from the capillaries back to the heart.
An ancient stringed musical instrument (a yoke lute chordophone) of Greek origin, consisting of two arms extending from a body to a crossbar (a yoke), and strings, parallel to the soundboard, connecting the body to the yoke.
An isomer of a benzene derivative having two substituents adjacent on the ring.
An abrupt outburst.
To build, construct.
Tending or directed towards a goal or specific end.
A gold coin, minted in the Roman Empire from approximately 100 B.C.E. to 309 C.E., equal to 25 denarii.
A craft used for transportation of goods, fishing, racing, recreational cruising, or military use on or in the water, propelled by oars or outboard motor or inboard motor or by wind.
A cry; an appeal; a call.
Extremely overweight, especially: weighing more than 20% (for men) or 25% (for women) over their ideal weight determined by height and build; or, having a body mass index over 30 kg/m2.
A sequence of rhythmic steps or movements usually performed to music, for pleasure or as a form of social interaction.
Any of several large carnivorous and carrion-eating birds in the family Accipitridae, having a powerful hooked bill and keen vision.
A proclamation of law or other authoritative command.
(heading) A symbol or annotation.
The third part of the stomach of a ruminant.
To assign differently; to relabel or repurpose.
A deep, steep-sided rift, gap or fissure; a gorge or abyss.
The generally sterile male or female hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse.
To shut with sudden force so as to produce a shock and noise.
A clear liquid believed to be a component of a humour or other bodily fluid (esp. plasma and lymph)
A hypothetical subatomic particle postulated to resolve certain symmetry problems concerning the strong nuclear force.
A stylised Japanese form of wrestling in which a wrestler loses if he is forced from the ring, or if any part of his body except the soles of his feet touches the ground.
Anethum graveolens (the type species of the genus Anethum), a herb, the seeds of which are moderately warming, pungent, and aromatic, formerly used as a soothing medicine for children; also known as dillseed.
A macho person; a person who tends to display masculine characteristics, such as domineering, fierceness, and bravado.
A person or group of people constituting a particular side in a contract or legal action.
A sudden bright light.
Café, cafeteria.
The stomach of an animal.
A gold coin minted by various European nations.
(originally South Asia) Genuine or authentic; hence of behaviour: correct, socially acceptable or proper.
Some text or a graphic in an electronic document that can be activated to display another document or trigger an action.
A blemish.
The spleen, especially of an animal bred for food.
Swollen, enlarged, bulging
The three-dimensional analogue of a pixel; a volume element representing some numerical quantity, such as the colour, of a point in three-dimensional space, used in the visualisation and analysis of three-dimensional (especially scientific and medical) data
(authorship) The course of a story, comprising a series of incidents which are gradually unfolded, sometimes by unexpected means.
Lively, full of energy
A woman, often specifically a girlfriend.
Sorbus aucuparia, the European rowan.
(of cattle or deer) Without horns.
A variety of carnelian, of a rich reddish yellow or brownish red color.
Certificate.
The act of cooking in simmering liquid.
A shellfish which contains mother-of-pearl.
Television.
An act or instance of bursting.
A church.
An action performed on a regular basis.
One eighth of the total area of the celestial dome; used as a measure of cloudiness (one okta means that one eighth of the sky is obscured, two oktas that one quarter is obscured, and so on).
To chop away at; to whittle down; to mow down.
Television, television show, movie.
A climbing woody vine, usually tropical.
A hand-held narrow rod, usually used for pointing or instructing, or as a traditional emblem of authority.
A foliate fungicide consisting of a polymeric complex of manganese with the ethylene bis(dithiocarbamate) anionic ligand.
Betwixt, between
(of a person or animal) Relief from work or activity by sleeping; sleep.
A small forest.
An all-purpose skirt-like garment worn by men and women in Fiji.
To whimper or whine.
Wary, careful, shrewd.
Enthusiasm; enjoyment, vigor.
A plant with simple stems, like bamboo or sugar cane, or the stem thereof
The act of gaining; acquisition.
An act of stamping the foot, paw or hoof.
Small; younger.
Common cold, head cold; catarrh.
An African beer made from millet.
A covering of liquid, particularly oil.
A stump or base of a branch that has been lopped off; a short branch, or a sharp or rough branch.
Pretentious; posturing.
A wild cherry tree, Prunus avium, native to Europe and western Asia or its small, dark fruit.
Any crustacean of the family Mysidae.
(money) A piece of currency, usually metallic and in the shape of a disc, but sometimes polygonal, or with a hole in the middle.
An injury or wrong.
A state of sulking.
Shocking, horrifying.
A chain or range of rocks, sand, or coral lying at or near the surface of the water.
A sheer curtain or fabric.
A Tajikistani coin; 100 dirams equal one somoni.
One who is narrow-mindedly devoted to one's own ideas and groups, and intolerant of (people of) differing ideas, races, genders, religions, politics, etc.
To reproach with contemptuous words; to deride, to mock, to taunt.
(Vedanta) The true self of an individual beyond identification with worldly phenomena, the essence of an individual, an infinitesimal part of Brahman.
A student of a tutor.
Dangerous, involving risks.
A religious ritual performed in South Asia as an act of worship.
A temporary employee, usually in an office.
A more solid, dense or hard layer on a surface or boundary.
A line or half-tone block etched on zinc plate, used in zincography.
A structure built by a bird as a place to incubate eggs and rear young.
An entryway or reception area; vestibule; passageway; corridor.
A number of things or persons being in some relation to one another.
A period of time at the end of day when the sun is below the horizon but before the full onset of night, especially the darker part of twilight.
To make a vow; to promise.
To be strong; to have power (over).
A refreshingly sharp aroma or flavor.
A foolish person.
To ingest; to be ingested.
The principal part of a duet.
Resistance of the air (or some other fluid) to something moving through it.
(astrogeology) A rough upland or mountainous region of the Moon with a relatively high albedo.
A sudden impact or blow.
An agreement; a compact; a covenant.
A pinniped (Pinnipedia), particularly an earless seal (true seal) or eared seal.
Straight, not bent.
A sudden change of mind
To be secreted or slowly leak.
A thick, flat-woven cotton Indian rug or carpet.
A Pekingese dog.
To affect with drugs.
To stare stupidly or rudely; to gawk.
A small mountain lake, especially in Northern England.
Of or pertaining to law.
An organic compound, especially a hydrocarbon, containing two double bonds.
(often in the plural) A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Croatian kuna
A circular device capable of rotating on its axis, facilitating movement or transportation or performing labour in machines.
Any animal other than a human; usually only applied to land vertebrates, especially large or dangerous four-footed ones.
To be silly, act stupid or mess around.
A boss, or rounded elevation, or a corresponding depression, in a palate, disk, or membrane. For example the umbo in the integument of the larvæ of echinoderms or in the tympanic membrane of the ear.
A deep cleft formed in limestone surfaces due to water erosion; providing a unique habitat for plants.
Reconnaissance.
An exceptionally fine and valuable fibre or cloth of ancient times. Originally used for fine flax and linens, the word was later extended to fine cottons, silks, and sea silk.
A glass tube with fine gradations and a stopcock at the bottom, used in laboratory procedures for accurate fluid dispensing and titration.
Concise and meaningful.
A super-alert state where the bird is hungry, but not weak, with a trance like state of alertness and ready to hunt.
An unsharpened section of a knife blade in front of the guard on the blade
(Shaivism) The aniconic representation traditionally worshipped as a symbol of or in connection with Shiva.
Singing group; group of people who sing together; company of people who are trained to sing together.
The worth of something; value.
An organ that synthesizes a substance, such as hormones or breast milk, and releases it, often into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland).
A New World monkey of the genus Callicebus, native to South America, distinguished by their long soft fur.
Brassica rapa subsp. pekinensis, a kind of Chinese cabbage.
A chamber pot.
An act or instance of swimming.
A vertical (or nearly vertical) rock face.
The master of the servants of a household; the master of a feudal manor
One of the simple machines; a piece of material, such as metal or wood, thick at one edge and tapered to a thin edge at the other for insertion in a narrow crevice, used for splitting, tightening, securing, or levering.
A comprehensive summary of, or treatise on a subject, especially theology or philosophy.
A circular gong that was struck at regular intervals to indicate the time.
A stroke; a blow.
A chicken, especially a hen.
A traditional Irish potato pancake.
That which is affixed; an appendage.
To play dice.
A racing sled for one or two people that is ridden with the rider or riders lying on their back.
Impudent beggar
Any species of the genus Octodon, especially Octodon degus, a small, caviomorph rodent native to Chile.
A kind of widemouthed pitcher or jug with a shape like a vase and a handle.
Resembling or characteristic of a geek.
The lining of the large stomach of ruminating animals, when prepared for food.
Very recently; in the immediate past.
A baked sheep's head.
A location or restaurant where good eating can be expected.
A period of time spent doing or being something; a spell.
A form of rhetoric in which the writer or speaker uses logic as the main argument.
To present (an argument or a plea), especially in a legal case.
A group or sect of people with a deviant religious, philosophical or cultural identity, often existing on the margins of society or exploitative towards its members.
A fuss, a row.
The nasalized velar consonant found in such words as song or wink.
The time (number of days) by which a solar year exceeds twelve lunar months; it is used in the calculation of the date of Easter
Effort expended on a particular task; toil, work.
An inclination or talent.
Any of a large number of species of small rodents of the subfamily Arvicolinae of the family Cricetidae which are not lemmings or muskrats.
To move an object slowly and carefully in a particular direction.
A food made primarily of a mixture of raw or cold ingredients, typically vegetables, usually served with a dressing such as vinegar or mayonnaise.
An achromatic colour intermediate between black and white.
Something blunted, stunted, or cut short, such as stubble or a stump.
A loose robe or outer garment worn historically by men in Arab or Middle Eastern countries.
The visible vapor/vapour, gases, and fine particles given off by burning or smoldering material.
A piece of cloth, often decorated with an emblem, used as a visual signal or symbol.
A coarse or stupid fellow.
Offbeat, unconventional or eccentric.
Averse, disinclined; reluctant, unwilling.
Pellets of ice made of mostly frozen raindrops or refrozen melted snowflakes.
The trunk or stem of a tree.
Any green, leafy plant, or parts thereof, used to flavour or season food.
An item of clothing other than a mitten, covering all or part of the hand and fingers, but usually allowing independent movement of the fingers.
To plunder, pillage, rob, pirate, or remove.
A person who attends rave parties, or who belongs to that subculture.
In vertebrates, especially mammals, the forehead; the part of the cranium between the orbits and the vertex.
(auxiliary) A syntactic marker.
The quality or state of being proud; an unreasonable overestimation of one's own superiority in terms of talents, looks, wealth, importance etc., which manifests itself in lofty airs, distance, reserve and often contempt of others.
Having a chemical nature that is harmful to health or lethal if consumed or otherwise entering into the body in sufficient quantities.
(of a person or remark) With subtle hostility in an effort to hurt, annoy or upset, particularly among women.
A goat-antelope, species Budorcas taxicolor.
The act of quaffing; a deep draught.
A thorny evergreen shrub, with yellow flowers, Ulex gen. et spp., of which Ulex europaeus is particularly common upon the plains and hills of Great Britain and Ireland.
To call out; to draw out or bring forth.
To move an object over, maintaining contact, with the intention of removing some substance from the surface. (Compare rub.)
A short stanza at the end of a poem, used either to address a person or to comment on the preceding body of the poem.
A unit of currency of Sierra Leone, divided into 100 cents.
Animated, brisk motion; spirited rhythm; sprightliness.
To put in vigorous action.
An item of clothing (usually worn by a woman or young girl) which both covers the upper part of the body and includes skirts below the waist.
The main part of the (human) body that extends from the neck to the groin, excluding the head and limbs.
The fine arts as a subject of study or expertise; understanding of arts and antiquities.
A type of round, brimless cap with a soft top and a headband to secure it to the head; usually culturally associated with France.
A basin used for holding water for washing.
A Rhenish wine, of a light yellow color, either sparkling or still, from the Hochheim region; often applied to all Rhenish wines.
To move irregularly up and down.
An ascetic or practitioner of yoga (yogi) who has given up pursuit of the first three Hindu goals of life: kama (enjoyment), artha (practical objectives) and even dharma (duty).
Technology
The upper and widest of the three bones that make up each side of the hipbone and pelvis.
To strike against something, without breakage, making a "thunk" sound.
To turn pale; to lose colour.
(principally nautical) In a state of collision or entanglement.
To cover something with paving slabs.
A wood or forest
To transform data in an undefined or unexplained manner.
A quarter of a thin oatmeal or flour cake.
Stir; bustle; agitation; contention.
(chiefly in the plural) A suburb.
A little; a small number.
A contour feather
The eye of a bean or other seed; the mark or scar at the point of attachment of an ovule or seed to its base or support.
One who dozes.
To speak formally; to give a speech.
Either of two poles with footrests that allow someone to stand or walk above the ground; used mostly by entertainers.
A variety of grape grown in eastern Hungary and in eastern Slovakia.
Pleasant, satisfactory.
An enclosed space; a courtyard; an uncovered area shut in by the walls of a building, or by different buildings; also, a space opening from a street and nearly surrounded by houses; a blind alley.
Angry, annoyed, indignant or irritated.
A twist; a convolution.
A New Zealander.
A tree of the Acer genus, characterised by its usually palmate leaves and winged seeds.
Any of several fish, of the family Carangidae, from the western Atlantic.
Astuteness often marked by a certain sense of cunning or artful deception.
A sandwich.
A strong cleat to which large ropes are belayed.
Full of pep; energetic, cheerful, and vigorous; bouncy
True facts, genuine depiction or statements of reality.
A tool for finding whether a surface is level, or for creating a horizontal or vertical line of reference.
Pertaining to or shaped like a torus, or a section of a torus; toroidal.
Resembling the sky.
A distinct physical object.
An orange-haired or red-haired person.
A tree or shrub of the genus Corylus, bearing edible nuts called hazelnuts or filberts.
An instance of drawing something into one's mouth by inhaling.
Showing good judgement or the benefit of experience.
A fatality; an event that leads to death.
A plucked stringed instrument with five or seven steel strings stretched on a long fretted finger-board over two gourds, used mostly in Carnatic Indian classical music.
A framework upon which laundry is aired; a clotheshorse.
Tested, hence, proven to be firm or reliable.
(Indian English) A Hindu title of respect, equivalent to Mr., usually appended to the surname of a Hindu man
Rachycentron canadum, a perciform marine fish.
A deciduous tree, Carya illinoinensis, of the central and southern United States, having deeply furrowed bark, pinnately compound leaves, and edible nuts.
Having a tattoo or tattoos.
(sometimes attributive) A baby pigeon, dove, or chicken.
An instance of saying ‘amen’.
An item of play equipment that children can climb up and then slide down again.
The basal segment of a limb of various arthropods (insects and spiders, for example).
(especially in combination) The univalent radical, CH2=CH-CH2-, existing especially in oils of garlic and mustard.
A breast
Having leaks; not fully sealed.
Mother.
A composition, normally in prose, telling a story and intended to be represented by actors impersonating the characters and speaking the dialogue
Cause to become one; make into a unit; consolidate; merge; combine.
A coarse file, on which the cutting prominences are distinct points raised by the oblique stroke of a sharp punch, instead of lines raised by a chisel, as on the true file.
An iceberg.
A large, edible abalone, Haliotis iris, native to New Zealand, whose shell is used to make jewelry.
Bos frontalis, a Southern Asiatic species of wild cattle.
To put the king of an opponent into checkmate.
A hunt or pursuit; a chase.
To avoid.
Cooked by frying.
An anadromus and semelparous salmon, Oncorhynchus kisutch, found in the coastal regions of the northern Pacific Ocean, used as a symbol by several Native American tribes.
A sign signifying deletion
A wide bowl for washing, sometimes affixed to a wall
A sticky, gummy substance secreted by trees; sap.
Ataxia
Turpentine or turpentine substitute.
To undo the act of seeing something; to erase the memory of having seen something, or otherwise reverse the effect of having seen something.
A kind of aquatic plant, genus Nelumbo in the family Nelumbonaceae.
Brand or kind; model.
A small firework that is intended to spew sparks rather than explode.
A male gypsy.
The ninth letter of the Greek alphabet.
A job or income which is taken in addition to one's normal employment, generally at evenings or weekends. Originally implied that payment was not declared for taxation, but now refers to any work that is not part of one's regular job.
A small, comfortable back room in a pub.
A person who does not eat, drink or otherwise consume any animal products
African cornmeal porridge
A pointed projection on a horseshoe to prevent it slipping.
To make suitable; to make to correspond; to fit or suit
A falcon (Falco cherrug) native of Southern Europe and Asia.
To reduce the force of something; to abate.
A member of the South Asian diaspora.
To rub along the surface of; to graze
Without color; pale; pallid.
Full of kinks; liable to kink or curl.
An annual layer of sediment or sedimentary rock.
The act or process of putting in; infusion.
A variety of Agave angustifolia var. angustifolia (syn. Agave rigida), furnishing a strong coarse fiber.
Containing nuts.
To write software programs.
The fourth letter of the modern Greek alphabet Δ, δ.
To give a wink; to wink.
Resembling or having a likeness to something
An instance of keeping awake during normal sleeping hours, especially to keep watch or pray.
A fertilized and ripened ovule, containing an embryonic plant.
A small argument; a petty quarrel.
A sudden, heavy impact.
To pass (time) idly.
A grooved strip of lead used to hold panes of glass together.
A frame composed of two strong oak timbers (bitt-heads) fixed vertically in the fore part of a ship, bolted to the deck beams to which are secured the cables when the ship rides to anchor
A look.
Senses referring to subjective quality.
A daring or dangerous feat, often involving the display of gymnastic skills.
A person who performs, plays a part in a theatrical play or film.
Force of movement, impetus, rush; hence, a violent onset.
An infantryman; a soldier.
A mixture of oxygen and acetylene; burns at a high temperature and is used for cutting and welding metals.
A member of the first generation of Japanese immigrants to North America, South America or Australia.
Any of the large rodents of the genus Cuniculus (but see also its synonyms), native to Central America and South America, which have dark brown or black fur, a white or yellowish underbelly and rows of white spots along the sides.
An empty space; a vacuum.
(ditransitive) To transport toward somebody/somewhere.
Any unit of cultural information, such as a practice or idea, that is transmitted verbally or by repeated action from one mind to another in a comparable way to the transmission of genes.
One who uses talkers, an early form of chat room.
To rest in a state of reduced consciousness.
An educated scholar of Islamic law; a member of the ulema class
Evidence of a long-term debt, by which the bond issuer (the borrower) is obliged to pay interest when due, and repay the principal at maturity, as specified on the face of the bond certificate. The rights of the holder are specified in the bond indenture, which contains the legal terms and conditions under which the bond was issued. Bonds are available in two forms: registered bonds, and bearer bonds.
A measure of herrings, either imprecise or sometimes legally specified. It has sometimes been about 37½ imperial gallons, or 750 herring on average.
A pathetic or socially inept person; a nerd.
A hard external covering of an animal.
To indicate by signs, as future events; to be an omen of; to portend or foretell.
To pour or throw out, as water; lade out; bail; bail out.
A style of dance which combines salsa with jive and rock and roll.
A sudden, intense, loud sound, as made for example by cymbals.
Property; possession
An entertainment, outing, food, drink, or other indulgence provided by someone for the enjoyment of others.
Much; a great deal of
To make a mess of something; to botch.
The digit/figure 8.
Uncommon; out of the ordinary; extraordinary; superior.
A frolic; a fit of wanton gaiety; a gambol: a little playful skip or leap.
A thumping sound.
A state of balance, equilibrium or stability.
To give as its foundation or starting point; to lay the foundation of.
An inner part.
A form of worship in south Asia; a religious ceremony.
The leader of a pack of Cub Scouts.
Any of many terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks, having no (or only a rudimentary) shell.
A frog.
An alcoholic drink fermented from starch material, commonly barley malt, often with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor.
A white person, a person of European descent.
A Japanese martial art using "swords" of split bamboo.
A dessert made by boiling flavoured gelatin in water
Prone to yawning.
(of wind) Blowing in gusts; blustery; tempestuous.
Any animal of the taxonomic family Equidae, including any equine (horse, zebra, ass, mule, etc.)
A very strong wind, more than a breeze, less than a storm; number 7 through to 9 winds on the 12-step Beaufort scale.
An Italian coin, formerly one-twentieth of a lira.
A leader or head of a group of people, organisation, etc.
The application of rituals or actions, especially those based on occult knowledge, to subdue or manipulate natural or supernatural beings and forces in order to have some benefit from them
The first compartment of the stomach of a cow or other ruminants.
Arranged, regular combat between two private persons, often over a matter of honor.
To ascribe a false or artificial quality to; to pretend falsely to have some quality or to be doing something, etc.
Oatmeal mixed with boiling water or milk.
The ring, made of compacted clay, in which a sumo wrestling match is held.
The surface described by the circumference of a circle revolving about a straight line in its own plane.
An adult male of domesticated cattle or oxen.
A hood, or cape with a hood, made of or lined with grey fur, formerly worn by the clergy.
Hard to see through, as a fog or mist.
To pass food into the stomach; to digest; also figuratively, to take on, absorb.
One who or that which oils.
Spirit or energy.
An institution where one can place and borrow money and take care of financial affairs.
A fruit of plants of the gourd family Cucurbitaceae, possessing a hard rind and producing many seeds in a single, central, pulpy chamber.
Newly made, formed or evolved; having no precedent; of recent origin; new.
Something, generally a device, for which one does not know the proper term.
A permanent.
A wax-resist method of dyeing fabric.
Administration, or administrative work.
A German.
A machine built to carry out some complex task or group of tasks by physically moving, especially one which can be programmed.
An edge that is canted, one that is not a 90-degree angle; a chamfer.
In South Asia, a woman employed to look after children; (formerly) a wet nurse.
The hollow behind the knee.
Active strength or force of body or mind; capacity for exertion, physically, intellectually, or morally; energy.
Anything that is found (usually valuable), as objects on an archeological site or a person with talent.
Cosiness, conviviality.
The part of the body between the pelvis and the stomach.
Food, especially that of an inferior quality; grub.
Flair, vitality, or zest; energy; vigor.
A faint.
The sound made by a duck.
An organic fungicide and insecticide sprayed on cereal grasses, fruit trees, etc.
A rule or thesis in Sanskrit grammar or Hindu law or philosophy.
(of an animal) To go through something (such as a garbage can) with paws.
A man living off another's earnings, especially a woman's.
The rock of an elvan vein, or the vein itself.
The character or fundamental values of a person, people, culture, or movement.
An instance of spanking, separately or part of a multiple blows-beating; a smack, swat, or slap.
A hard gelatin made by boiling bones and hides, used in solution as an adhesive; or any sticky adhesive substance.
The raised platform in the front of a synagogue where the Torah is read on a podium.
A prince, commander or other leader or ruler in an Islamic nation.
The fleshy yellow root of a variety of rape, Brassica napus var. napobrassica, resembling a large turnip, grown as a vegetable.
The CGS unit of electric dipole moment, defined as 1 D = 10-18 statcoulomb-centimetre and computable from the SI unit coulomb-metre by multiplying by the factor 3.33564 × 10-30.
A spicy noodle stew from Indonesia or Malaysia.
Chiastolite; so called from the tessellated appearance of a cross-section.
A person of Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, or other Mediterranean descent.
Mizzenmast.
To hasten; to go quickly, to hurry.
A lingua franca.
To shoot with arrows (at).
A silly person.
Intelligence (secret information)
Undyed leather from the skin of buffalo or similar animals.
An open shed for sheltering cattle, or protecting produce, etc., from the weather.
A person who is clumsy, oafish, or socially awkward, or unattractive or unkempt.
A powerful squeezing or twisting action.
An avoirdupois ounce, weighing 1/16 of an avoirdupois pound, or 28.3495 grams.
A commodity; see realty.
A man with a reputation for fine dress and etiquette; a dandy or fop.
To use a laser beam on, as for cutting.
A divinity, especially a local or presiding god.
A prosperous peasant in the Russian Empire or the Soviet Union, who owned land and could hire workers.
Made from the wood of the oak tree. Also in metaphorical uses, suggesting robustness.
Of or pertaining to a tube, especially an anatomical one
A joke or quip.
A place in the middle of something; may be used of a literal or metaphorical location.
A small island
Any bird of the family Fringillidae, seed-eating passerine birds, native chiefly to the Northern Hemisphere and usually having a conical beak.
Alienation or social instability caused by erosion of standards and values.
Unpleasant, especially in a sarcastic, grumpy or haughty manner.
A mouse.
A facial expression where one slightly raises one corner of the upper lip, generally indicating scorn.
The act of striking the palms of the hands, or any two surfaces, together.
To vomit.
(auxiliary verb, defective) To know how to; to be able to.
A projecting member left by cutting away the wood around it, and made to insert into a mortise, and in this way secure together the parts of a frame.
A living creature, especially a human being.
A substance able to mix with both oil and water, used for cleaning, often in the form of a solid bar or in liquid form, derived from fats or made synthetically.
Resembling or characteristic of pork.
Beefsteak, a slice of beef, broiled or cut for broiling.
A child's nurse.
An aerial maneuver in which one catches air by leaping off the ground with the skateboard and into the air.
A person, especially a Native American, who cultivates and harvests rice.
(followed by to or unto) To compare; to state that (something) is like (something else).
So as to form a circle or trace a circular path, or approximation thereof.
A fore-and-aft rigged sailing vessel with two masts, main and mizzen, the mizzen being stepped forward of the rudder post.
A disc placed between a light and the illuminated object or actor in order to diffuse the glare.
A mediaeval double-reed wind instrument with a conical wooden body.
To scrape or scratch.
Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life.
A quintuplet.
Of or pertaining to herbs
A broad volcanic crater, usually filled with water to form a lake.
Heat excited by friction.
To mimic.
To obtain (something) for free, particularly by guile or persuasion.
A bookcase; a library or archive.
To endure without yielding; to withstand; await defiantly; to encounter; to persevere.
(physical) Movement; that which moves or is moved.
A person who works in a carnival (often one who uses exaggerated showmanship or fraud).
A vernacular paraphrase inserted into Latin liturgy.
A grouping of smaller peoples or tribes as a nation.
An act of blushing; a red glow on the face caused by shame, modesty, etc.
Anything that is hollow and cylindrical in shape.
Neat, well-groomed, natty.
To make or to become weary.
Unapt
To keep something inside by means of a closed gate.
An organ formed of the mammary glands of female quadruped mammals, particularly ruminants such as cattle, goats, sheep and deer.
A current day or date.
A slender tube inserted into a blood vessel, a ureter or the oesophagus in order to provide support and to prevent disease-induced closure.
A form of acting without words; pantomime.
An assistant referee.
An adjustable loop of rope, such as the one placed around the neck in hangings, or the one at the end of a lasso.
A silver coin and unit of currency of various Italian states from the 16th to the 19th centuries.
Of or pertaining to a duke, a duchess, or the duchy or dukedom they hold.
(not used in the plural) The person or thing in the sixth position.
A large, dark plain, which may have the appearance of a sea.
A clumsy or inelegant job, usually a temporary repair; a patch, a repair.
The back; the dorsal aspect of the thorax in insects.
One who gapes; a starer.
A dowdy person, especially a woman; a frump.
A Taser, a handheld device made by Taser International intended to immobilize another by delivering an electric shock.
A rectangular array of squares or rectangles of equal size, such as in a crossword puzzle.
A word; an oral utterance.
A male deer, antelope, sheep, goat, rabbit, hare, and sometimes the male of other animals such as the hamster, ferret and shad.
Any of a set of signs used in early musical notation.
A shout.
A net or dragnet used for trawling.
(of sound) Rough, raw, especially used to describe vocal quality.
Like a bush in having many widely spread branches.
An animal which has a genetic recessive variation that causes the guard hairs to be very short or fully lacking.
A splinter.
An insane or very foolish person.
A wedge.
To let pass, to leave alone, to let go.
Morning
A light sword, sharp along the front edge, part of the back edge, and at the point.
An interval of one fifth.
(mildly blasphemous) Used as an intensifier, or to indicate surprise, enthusiasm, or distress
To relinquish (a right etc.); to give up claim to; to forego.
A large scombroid food fish (Scomberomorus regalis) found chiefly in the West Indies.
A usually dry, eroded watercourse running only in times of heavy rain.
A design or picture produced in order to be transferred to another surface either permanently or temporarily.
The act of one who chases another; a pursuit.
A rapid alternation between an indicated note and the one above it, in musical notation usually indicated with the letters tr written above the staff.
One who teases.
A large, flightless bird, †Raphus cucullatus, related to the pigeon, that is now extinct (since the 1600s) and was native to Mauritius.
To fasten with wire, especially with reference to wine bottles, corks, or fencing.
A group dance of New Zealand's Maori people featuring rhythmic chanting, vigorous facial and arm movements, and foot stamping. Traditionally a war dance, today it is also performed to welcome guests, as a mark of respect at occasions such as commemorations and funerals, as a challenge to opposing teams at sports events, and for artistic purposes.
To bind with a flexible rope or cord.
A royal person; a member of a royal family.
Detoxification, especially of the body from alcohol or illegal, addictive drugs.
To remove another's sexual characteristics or functions, often physical sterilization.
A manner of speaking, a mode of expression peculiar to a language, person, or group of people.
A perfect standard of beauty, intellect etc., or a standard of excellence to aim at.
A unit of a housing co-operative; a purchased apartment where the apartment owners collectively are responsible for maintenance of common areas and upkeep.
A topological space which is a product of two circles.
One who, or that which, goes.
A young sheep.
Of or like a worm or worms; shaped like a worm or worms.
A table or similar flat-topped structure used for religious rites.
Insipid; tasteless; delicate; having a pale and sickly look.
An action or act; something that is done.
A claim to commendation or a reward.
A grating; a grid of wire or a sheet of material with a pattern of holes or slots, usually used to protect something while allowing the passage of air and liquids. Typical uses: to allow air through a fan while preventing fingers or objects from passing; to allow people to talk to somebody, while preventing attack.
Any of the genus Murex of marine gastropods.
(North England and Scotland) To suffer; bear; endure; put up with; undergo.
(chiefly in the plural) Hulled grain.
The name of the first letter of the Greek alphabet (Α,  α), followed by beta. In the Latin alphabet it is the predecessor to A.
A play, dance, or other entertainment.
Work.
A cathedral, especially one in Italy.
An old English measure of corn (e.g., wheat), equal to half a quarter or 4 bushels.
A subgenre of reggae that incorporates hip hop, rhythm and blues and sampling; dancehall
To throw away.
To negatively criticize.
The color/colour of snow or milk; the colour of light containing equal amounts of all visible wavelengths.
A short snorting sound, often to show disapproval, or used as a reply when one is reluctant to speak.
An immature stage in the life cycle of an insect; a larva.
Any of the genus Stylosanthes of flowering plants.
(auxiliary verb, defective) To know how to; to be able to.
The official currency of several countries, including Algeria, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Serbia and Tunisia.
To raise to the third power; to determine the result of multiplying by itself twice.
Alternative form of teepee
A cute person or animal.
A piece of fur or cloth, usually with open ends, used for keeping the hands warm.
To satisfy the appetite or desire of; to fill up.
A warm dry wind blowing down the north sides of the Alps, especially in Switzerland.
Originally, a fine textile fabric made of the hair of an Asiatic goat.
A mobile phone.
A group of foxes.
A two-legged stand.
To turn aside or away.
A tree native to South Asia, Vachellia nilotica subsp. indica, formerly Acacia nilotica subsp. indica.
To make (an animal) tame; to domesticate.
An artificial metal produced from iron, harder and more elastic than elemental iron; used figuratively as a symbol of hardness.
A Central American plant, Agave sisalana, cultivated for its sword-shaped leaves that yield fibers used for rope.
Something extra that is good; an added benefit.
(Northern Irish English) A chav.
Indian antelope; blackbuck
An enormous mythical bird in Eastern legend.
A sudden transient rush, flood or increase.
A curriculum vitae.
Foul or unpleasant smell, especially body odor.
To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife.
Leave in a hurry, go away.
A portion of music at the end of a song; like an intro, but at the end instead of the beginning.
Cloth woven from pineapple fiber
Hard, firm; obdurate.
A rank of nobility in pre-Norman England, roughly equivalent to baron.
A greeting, in Maori culture.
A short, stout person or animal, especially one of a breed of very short-legged chickens.
A Native American warrior.
A feeling of enmity; ill-feeling, animosity; a transient feeling of wounded pride.
The eighth letter of the Modern Greek alphabet, ninth in Old Greek: Θ, θ.
A small thin branch of a tree or bush.
Outer; furthest out, most remote.
To separate into parts with force or sudden violence; to split; to burst
Prison solitary confinement, a term used by inmates.
Improv (short for improvisation).
To bowl a yorker at a batsman, especially to get a batsman out in this way.
A brief gush, as of liquid spurting from an orifice or a cut/wound.
To be fit for
To reduce to half the original amount.
An Irishman
An explosive mixture of nitroglycerine and nitrate absorbed onto a base of wood pulp.
Similar to a rat; ratlike.
A covering for a window to keep out light. The covering may be made of cloth or of narrow slats that can block light or allow it to pass.
(sex) A blow job.
The act or principle of compensating.
The penis.
A stream-bed, ravine, or other watercourse; a drain for rain or floodwater.
Baggy or loose-fitting.
To enter (a name, etc.) in a register, roll or list
A particle with totally symmetric composite quantum states, which exempts them from the Pauli exclusion principle, and that hence obeys Bose-Einstein statistics. They have integer spin. Among them are many elementary particles, and some (gauge bosons) are known to carry the fundamental forces. Compare fermion.
A short sequence of bits (binary digits) that can be operated on as a unit by a computer; the smallest usable machine word.
To waste time in trivial activities, or in idleness; to trifle.
A gradual diminution in power, value, intensity etc.
An allotrope of oxygen (symbol O₃) having three atoms in the molecule instead of the usual two; it is a blue gas, generated from oxygen by electrical discharge.
A minke whale, one of two species of baleen whales within Balaenoptera, the northern-dwelling species of which is often seen in coastal waters.
Any unix-like operating system distro that uses the Linux kernel.
The former currency or money of Lithuania, divided into 100 centai.
A cleaving tool for splitting cask staves and shingles from the block.
(An instance of) meaningless nonsense with an outward appearance of being impressive and legitimate.
Any member of the genus Canna of tropical plants with large leaves and often showy flowers.
(in Ancient Greece) A long and open portico within the gymnasium.
A soldier.
To take an oath, to promise.
To dislike intensely or greatly.
Any of several small freshwater polyps of the genus Hydra and related genera, having a naked cylindrical body and an oral opening surrounded by tentacles.
A cuckoo.
Any of various bladed or pointed hand weapons, originally designating an Anglo-Saxon sword, and later a weapon of infantry, especially in the 14th and 15th centuries, commonly consisting of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, with a short pike at the back and another at the top, attached to the end of a long staff.
A pitot head/pitot tube.
To run away; to escape.
A metal rod, generally of wrought iron, for adjusting the burning logs or coals in a fire; a firestick.
The inedible parts of a grain-producing plant.
The twenty-fourth letter of the Classical and the Modern Greek alphabet, and the twenty-eighth letter of the Old and the Ancient Greek alphabet, i.e. the last letter of every Greek alphabet. Uppercase version: Ω; lowercase: ω.
The act of moving slowly on hands and knees etc, or with frequent stops.
The sound of a violent impact; a violent striking together.
To apply the Rolfing massage technique to.
An East Indian species of wild cattle (Bos gaurus), of large size and an untamable disposition.
Any member of the cat family (Felidae).
(sometimes figurative) glowing; radiant
An anchovy or herring, especially pickled or dried.
Speed; swiftness; dispatch.
A resinous exudation from various tropical trees, especially Hymenaea courbaril and Schinus terebinthifolia, used chiefly in making varnishes and printing ink.
Something newly released, such as a song or film.
A written or spoken response; part of a conversation.
Good, smart; useful or beneficial.
Any of the Anolis genus of arboreal American lizards (such as the American chameleon) from the iguana family which feature a brightly colored dewlap and color-changing ability.
A mineral consisting, like quartz, of silica, but inferior to quartz in hardness and specific gravity, of the chemical formula SiO2·nH2O.
One of the male (masculine) sex or gender.
An insect in the development stage between larva and adult.
A region; country
The result of a contest that neither side has won; a tie.
Cloudy diffused matter such as mist, steam or fumes suspended in the air.
Originally, the DuPont company trade name for polyamide, a copolymer whose molecules consist of alternating diamine and dicarboxylic acid monomers bonded together; now generically used for this type of polymer.
A large number of insects, especially when in motion or (for bees) migrating to a new colony.
Something, such as a glove or other pledge, thrown down as a challenge to combat (now usually figurative).
A blow that produces a muffled sound.
Proponent of stoicism, a school of thought, from in 300 B.C.E. up to about the time of Marcus Aurelius, who holds that by cultivating an understanding of the logos, or natural law, one can be free of suffering.
Any of the species of the genera Polysticta or Somateria, in the seaduck subfamily Merginae, which line their nests with fine down (taken from their own bodies).
A sex organ that produces gametes; specifically, a testicle or ovary.
An ointment, cream, or balm with soothing, healing, or calming effects.
Of or like figs.
A woman, especially an old woman; especially one regarded as fussy or mean or a gossipy busybody.
A former Finnish currency unit, worth 1/100 of the markka.
A Japanese form of pseudomedicine that involves transferring chi through one's palms.
The horizontal threads that are interlaced through the warp in a woven fabric.
Full of seeds.
A breach of the rules of a game, especially one involving inappropriate contact with an opposing player in order to gain an advantage; for example, tripping someone up in soccer, or contact of any kind in basketball.
A beaten or pulverized mass.
A lowly person; a peasant or serf; a labourer who is obliged to do menial work.
A residential area beyond the suburbs.
Of, relating to, or containing meat.
To go and use the potty: to leave in order to urinate or defecate.
A confection usually made from crushed sesame seeds and honey. It is a traditional dessert in South Asia, the Mediterranean and the Middle East.
A substantial, often approximately cuboid, piece of any substance.
Any of various sea birds of the family Sternidae that are similar to gulls but are smaller and have a forked tail.
A fictitious narrative intended to enforce some useful truth or precept, usually with animals, etc. as characters; an apologue. Prototypically, Aesop's Fables.
To use a laser beam on, as for cutting.
The act of mooning, flashing the buttocks.
The pungent, spicy fresh or dried fruit of any of several cultivated varieties of capsicum peppers, used in cooking.
An Ancient Greek drinking cup with a stem, two handles, and a broad, shallow body
A small spray or twig.
The name of the Latin-script letter H.
A wooden band or yoke put around the neck of an ox or cow in the stall.
A train that calls at only some stations it passes between its origin and destination, typically just the principal stations
In Hindu theology, an epoch or era within a cycle of four ages: the Satya Yuga (or Krita Yuga), the Dvapara Yuga, the Treta Yuga and finally the Kali Yuga, with lengths ranging from 432,000 to 1,728,000 years.
A fluid-filled cavity within the body of an animal. The digestive system is suspended within the cavity, which is lined by a tissue called the peritoneum.
A torn-up piece of turf, especially by a golf club in making a stroke or by a horse's hoof.
A long, loud call used to attract attention when at a distance, mainly done in the Australian bush.
A violent gust of wind.
A farewell, a goodbye; especially a fond farewell, or a lasting or permanent farewell.
An idiot.
The clear yellowish liquid obtained upon separating whole blood into its solid and liquid components after it has been allowed to clot.
One who swots.
A piece of fabric attached to a boat and arranged such that it causes the wind to drive the boat along. The sail may be attached to the boat via a combination of mast, spars and ropes.
Pieces of fabric or fibre used for stuffing; as for batting or insulation
Gushing; effusive and often emotional.
A vascular tissue in land plants primarily responsible for the distribution of water and minerals taken up by the roots; also the primary component of wood.
A form of yarn (or fabric made from it) that incorporates a glittering metallic thread.
A curved, pointed horny nail on each digit of the foot of a mammal, reptile, or bird.
(plural staffs or staves) A long, straight, thick wooden rod or stick, especially one used to assist in walking.
To lose heat, to get colder.
An amount obtained by the addition of smaller amounts.
A supernatural detriment or hindrance; a bane.
A labyrinth; a puzzle consisting of a complicated network of paths or passages, the aim of which is to find one's way.
To provide with a dower or a dowry.
To rotate about an off-centre fixed point.
Beaked: having a beak.
To remove the outer covering or skin of something with a cutting device, typically a knife
A coarse homespun cotton cloth from India.
With great amounts of heat
Hard work.
Panthera tigris, a large predatory mammal of the cat family, indigenous to Asia.
A schedule that allocates some task, responsibility or (rarely) privilege between a set of people according to a (possibly periodic) calendar.
Beta vulgaris, a plant with a swollen root which is eaten or used to make sugar.
(usually uncountable) A thick, slimy substance; goo.
A substance (of molecular formula H₂O) found at room temperature and pressure as a clear liquid; it is present naturally as rain, and found in rivers, lakes and seas; its solid form is ice and its gaseous form is steam.
A dish made by browning grain, typically rice, in oil and then cooking it with a seasoned broth, to which meat and/or vegetables may be added.
